I thought something similar when I first saw it, but I'm sure you and I think / say things that should not be allowed anywhere near a national broadcast. That's the difference. If Milbury were just any other fan shitposting on twitter or reddit or yelling at his TV, he would blend in with a million other people.

The difference is he's a national bHe has been disciplined multiple times for using racial and homophobic slurs against opponents, refs, and even his own teammates.

And while I don't believe supporting Trump automatically makes a person a bigot, his previous actions (and his lack of true repentance for those actions), coupled with that continued support and opposition to movements After what happened to Miller only a few months ago, this makes me so happy to see. Especially considering there are some... less reputable players on that team (not holding their actions and opinions against the team or their fans), it’s good to see that Miller has support from at least a few teammates, and I’ll bet there are more too.  

Kudos toThe phillies found out shortly before the game started. The league moves so slowly and stupidly, they easily could have assumed they would have been the ones made to forfeit since the marlins players decided they were willing to risk the health of the opposing team. 

Especially considering that there were marlins players who were actually feeling Oh yeah for sure, I'm not discounting that this is a big deal and unprecedented in modern sports. I'm just saying I don't see the league continuing the season if there's so many cases that we would start considering this year's super bowl with an asterisk attached. In my mind there are only two possibilities: a relatively small amount of cases thatConsidering half the regular season was wiped out in 82 and a third of the games in 87 were invalid due to some teams respecting the strike and some players going scab, I think we can say that those seasons were massively messed up. To me, Covid seems like an all or nothing deal.

If a few players get it, it won't be the end of the world and will jI think the difference is that brew can solo kill just about any hero in the game no matter where they are. Doom still has to wait for the hero to be out of position to pop his ulti, he can’t just dive the tower with reckless abandon like Brew can.

Unless you have a strong escape like AM, QOP, Puck, or Storm, Brew can solo kill any hero in the gamThe music introduced me to Celtic, but I truly fell in love with it and called it my team after reading about the history of the club.

From the club's founding message (that still gives me chills to read), to the Lisbon Lions, to the modern day, Celtic is the definition of a legendary team. They might not be as big name as other teams with a rosteFields of Athenry and We Shall Not Be Moved are my favorites. 

I'm from the US and I was introduced to Celtic because I loved Fields of Athenry and heard a great version of it by Charlie and the Bhoys. After I started following them, I started following Celtic shortly after as well.

I've neither been to a game nor have I even been to Glasgow, butI think he was speaking from a more general perspective, rather than just about Jackson in particular. Considering he goes hard on how appalled he was by what Jackson posted, I think he's just saying that everyone needs to be aware of what they're saying and how we have to be careful of each other. 

Just because you aren't posting Hitler quotes, o&gt;I agree wholeheartedly with the @philadelphiaeagles! We all have to educate ourselves before we make shipwreck with our words. Being mindful, aware, and accommodating to our neighbors is what unity is made of! Our Jewish communities have endured devastating Anti-Semitic injustices in this country and abroad. The Holocaust alone should warrant u&gt;I agree wholeheartedly with the @philadelphiaeagles! We all have to educate ourselves before we make shipwreck with our words. Being mindful, aware, and accommodating to our neighbors is what unity is made of! Our Jewish communities have endured devastating Anti-Semitic injustices in this country and abroad. The Holocaust alone should warrant uI agree completely. I hated the statement and thought it was a complete betrayal to all the people who looked up to him for what we thought he stood for. 

It made me so mad that someone I had so much respect for would say something as empty and wishy washy as that. I loved Jenkins because he was supposedly uncompromising and seemed like he would aI honestly don't think he's going to change anymore. If he can have all this shit go down, have people telling him why what he said is hurtful and horrible, and then the very next day like a tweet saying he did nothing wrong? 

I'm stupidly optimistic sometimes, but even I have to admit he's too far gone. 

I wouldn't have lost a second of sleep ifDon't get me wrong, I hated his statement and it made me lose a huge amount of respect for him. Intersectionality and unity is the only way forward, and Jenkins should have taken up the side of Jewish people to prove he truly believed in progress and social justice. But he didn't. And the fact he didn't makes me so angry at him for making me think I DO have a lot of problems with the statement, the fact he never called out the actual antisemitism and instead just made a wishy washy post that didn't say anything and just tried to look past Jackson's antisemitic bullshit. 

I have no issue with criticizing him and going hard against him, I just had issue with people misinterpreting what he wasThat's what I have been criticizing him for.

I hated his statement because it was weak and didn't say anything for a man who always has a lot to say. I don't think people are wrong for criticizing him, and I have been criticizing him. I just think people are wrong for inventing this Black supremacy angle because they misinterpreted him. I 100% supYes I agree with you, and I do have a lot of issues with the statement (you can check my history and see), I just disliked seeing people wrongly accuse him of being a Black supremacist by misinterpreting his post.

Criticizing him for what he clearly didn't mean is bad, especially when there are plenty of other valid things to criticize him for in That is the part I feel he should be hammered about, and I do agree that his statement was incredibly milquetoast and glossed over the problem, and I think the statement was just in general very weak. My issue isn't that people are criticizing Jenkins (if you go in my post history you can see I did that a lot earlier today), it's that people are clDo you see how I'm being mass downvoted with nobody actually talking about how he did try to clarify his point? It's probably the same reason why he's not saying anything. But instead of getting downvotes on reddit, he'd be getting a media shitstorm directed at him and probably some horrible comments made to his person. 

It's obvious that anythingI feel I should add that Jenkins' statement was clearly misinterpreted by many. I had issue with the statement being weak, but I thought it was clear he was saying "Jewish people are not the cause of Black people's problems, and  Black people are not the cause of Jewish people's problems. And the fighting between our groups is just a distraction frHe's saying "we" in reference to the Black community, he's clearly saying the Jewish people are right to be "voicing their grievances," and that they [the Black community] shouldn't be getting into a fight with them since they aren't the cause of Black people's problems.

I mean, if you check twitter he retweets someone saying that's the proper expThe bar was already set low by some of the other shitposts that have been fluttering around made by athletes, but this really upset me seeing a man who was genuinely worthy of being looked up to for all he's done be so goddamn milquetoast about this. 

I get the sentiment, and it's not bad by itself, but he needs to be saying more. He commands so m&gt;The only freedom left to my people is the freedom to starve. The freedom to die, the freedom to live in a world of chaos. Should I allow them that freedom? I think not. I think not.

-Adam Susan, *V for Vendetta*

Fascist governments have always used threats and fear to allow them to redefine freedom and strip away liberty. But in the end, it'sI, until recently, followed DJax and I almost liked it just out of habit. I also passed through the infamous story when it came out, but just clicked past since I figured he was just posting some picture from some random book or whatever. I follow less than 100 people, some of these athletes follow a shitload, pretty easy to just see your friend poI want to believe that he was just unbelievably stupid, but I admit I'm clouded by bias. I'm hoping that if he earnestly goes through with the eagles plan to have him meet with Rabbis and other members of the Jewish community, he can see how wrong he was, and recognize that the struggles, both historically and contemporary, of Black and Jewish peopYou literally know nothing about what was referenced and you still claimed that people were "intimidating" a mob of armed vigilantes taking over the streets. If you had taken the time to actually learn what had happened you'd have known that these people assaulted a reporter and his girlfriend who were just standing on a sidewalk recording them, anI don't know, I guess that's all I can say. 

There needs to be a public apology, and one that doesn't feel like it was written by a PR person. There needs to be a clear admission of guilt, a sign that he realizes how fucked what he shared was, and that he's changed. But even then, it's hard to walk back "Hitler was right." 

And considering he stiSo I’m not going to try and recap the whole 40k history and lore because we would be here for millennia, and if you do know the story then this is for those who don’t. But basically it’s set in the far future where everything is terrible and every species (including humans) are terrible as well.

There’s this one race called the Drukhari (they usedHannibal is one of those shows that's strangely super pro-vegan, although it never really comes out as explicitly so. I do feel they played it a bit safe by not fully flipping the hypocrisy around on the average omni viewer, but at the same time, I respect that they wanted to be more subtle in its presentation. 

Same with the Dark Eldar / DrukhariI did say that it wasn't the majority of pats fans, I just find it hilarious that there are patriots fans who are still so bitter about another team winning that they have to cope by saying the other team cheated. It's extra funny since the patriots did win the previous and following year, but that section of fans are just incapable of accepting anI'm not saying they aren't right to be upset about losing, that's totally natural and I, like everyone else, get upset about losing. But when you're incapable of handling a loss like a mature adult and start making up shit about the refs screwing you over, you are just embarrassing yourself. 

I, like many other sixers fans, was in shambles when th[And an actual study that got published in an actual science journal rather than a poll in a newspaper based in Washington conducted by a FAN of the Washington football club, contradicts that poll.](url)

And unlike that Washington Post poll, which was, once again, conducted by a lifelong fan of the Washington football club, they actually took stepWhat servers are you guys on???

The only servers I'm in that aren't the small ones my friend group uses are the ones for sports teams and I've never seen anyone like this. Most of the time I forget there are even mods except when someone shows up to troll or whatever and they get kicked. Literally never had a bad interaction with a mod or seen somLove it! One of my favorite dota artists is [mikedrawsdota](url), and what I love about his art is the same thing I love about this piece: the subtle reinterpretation of the character. Seeing people draw dota heroes is always nice, but they sort of blend together.

What makes mike's art, and your piece as well, stand out to me is the reinterpretatNo way is Goedert our most underrated player. There's a not insignificantly small contingency of eagles fans who want to trade Ertz because Goedert is just that good. 

I'd say our most underrated player is Sidney Jones IV. He's caught a lot of crap, but he played super hard in the clutch last year. In the last two games of our season, the win or dI do think we're better but it'd be foolish to say that the rangers couldn't cause a massive upset against whoever they face in the first round. When you have players like Mika who can basically just decide he wants to win and scores a million goals, it's not beyond reason to be worried.

Although I do admit that my fear is mostly due to the media &gt;humanely

[sure bud](url)

&gt;They shut the pit pans off, shut the ventilation fans off, and heat up the building. That’s what the plan is. It’s horrific as it is. It was first used on test cull sows: those were first given the VSD treatment. The first day they shut off all the fans and turned the heat up and the hottest they could get the buiBoland wrote this poem in reference to the [1974 Dublin and Monaghan bombings](url), which were conducted by loyalist terrorists, killing 27 people, including an unborn child, who is the subject of the poem.

The bombings were poorly investigated, with no one ever being caught, and many believe the British government was at the very least tangentiaMalcolm Jenkins, another NFL player who is a huge activist for BLM and social justice in general, is an ethical vegan too!

And he's the perfect person to bring up for anyone saying that veganism makes athletes frail. Since going vegan, he has played every single defensive snap, including 30% of special teams snaps. He played more snaps than any plIt's possible the tests are still underway, but considering how basic of a test gunshot residue is in forensics, it makes me very suspicious that it has not been reported yet. 

He may have had a gun, he may have had a phone, he may have had nothing, but until the police can prove with rock solid evidence that he pointed a gun at them, there's no rThe truth is, we have no idea what he was doing when he stepped outside that door. He could have been gesturing, could have been pointing with his hand, could have been waving. If all we have to go on is what the police say happened, they should not be believed, as they have proven that they are not worthy of the benefit of the doubt. 

Until a vidThere's no evidence of him firing or even pointing a gun, all we see is him stagger back inside after being shot. Also, no forensics analysis has been conducted that would prove he fired a gun. Checking for gunpowder residue is so simple and would shut the door on this whole thing, but for some reason, they haven't done that.

But you are right I sThere's a difference between raising awareness to an ignored incident, which it really isn't, and intentionally using the awful tragedy of another man's death to attack the BLM movement. Dorn's death is horrific and breaks my heart, and I hope his killers are found and brought to justice. But let's be real, that's not the reason people are spammingI know that there are some people who are so concerned with violence and the preciousness of human life that they've been spamming the video of Dorn's death non-stop. I'm totally sure that they'll be the ones to relentlessly post the video of that old man being shoved into the ground by the cops and cracking his head open.

Definitely going to keepPersonally, I think that what the animal rights movement should be doing right now is BOOSTING black lives matter, rather than trying to push our own message to the forefront. When people see that we support BLM because it is logically and morally consistent with our values, they'll see that veganism is just another part of being socially consciousI loved animal products. I ate meat pretty much every day, had eggs with my cereal + milk for breakfast most mornings, and I always said my last meal on earth would be trashy diner food: a greasy burger, chicken + waffles, and a milkshake. 

It was honestly borderline existential the first week of being vegetarian (I was a cheesebag for 2 months beI was talking to a vegan, and I used that line "Yeah, vegans are right and I respect the hell out of them, but I'm just not strong enough to do it."

All they said was "I think you are."

And that was it. I just looked inward and realized they were right. There was nothing in my way. Being vegan was the morally right thing to do and I realized that[from the designer himself](url)

&gt;When I put that sculpture in, I put it in to be there permanently. You’d have to break up a good part of that stairway. That stone would have to be hammered to bits. Normally, you’d have a granite base, and you’d drill holes, and have probably seven inches coming out of each leg going into the ground, and an epEven if they fail, it sends a message to the city. 

Philly is finally going to take down the much loathed statue of Frank Rizzo, a racist police tyrant from the 70s, after protesters tried and failed to take it down. When it was erected back in the day the designers intentionally made it as difficult to remove as possible, being drilled so deep inI'm turning in for the night, but I just think I placed this strange feeling that myself, and I'm guessing a lot of other people have had. This feels strange and borderline existential because we are at the crossroads of American history. What happens in the next few days could be the beginning of the new future of America. 

I feel like I've gone Please believe me, I have nothing but love and sympathy towards you (presumably) and all the other people struggling with mental illness. I can't imagine what horrible things you're going through, and I am truly sorry.

Veganism as a lifestyle is a way of kindness for everyone. For the unloved animals and unloved people, for those who have no voiceHow about instead of waiting for sci-fi technology to help us, we do something now? It's gonna be pretty embarrassing if, 20 years from now, people ask us why we didn't do anything, we simply respond "we thought you would have figured something out."

And that's still disregarding the fact that these are sentient, intelligent, and living creatures Yeah, you're definitely a child, you skip right over reading comprehension to outrage.

The acts that slaughterhouse workers have to commit are extraordinarily traumatizing, resulting in [extreme psychological trauma](url) and end up committing suicide at one of the highest rates in the country for any occupation.

I feel nothing but sympathy towar&gt;they barge in and kill innocent pets and animals that aren’t adopted from their shelters

??? That happened like once or twice and was just some randos, who were promptly kicked out of the organization, doing it on their own. If you can find me an actual policy saying that's PETA's intention, I'll accept it, but if you just parrot what you've rAnd IMO Sanders could have had 7. [He intentionally took a knee on a wide open field to ice the game against the cowboys](url).

Just think about that. A rookie could have tried to run up the score and padded his stats against the #1 rival but stayed humble and went for the guaranteed win. That kind of humility and team first mentality is not to beIt wasn't about the handful of psychos who did it. It's about the other people. All those people in the locker room who let this happen again, and again, and again. The totally normal, well adjusted individuals, who sat by and did nothing and said nothing. 

This was not the failings of one twisted person's morality, this is the failing of the entiPeople like to pull out "if everyone's DMs got leaked they would be fired," as some excuse for that kind of awfulness. 

This is probably true because most people say shit they wouldn't say in public, but most people aren't saying the heinous things Leipsic and those other scumfucks said.

The thing people don't seem to get is there is a differenceYup. They're everywhere. 

The caps discord is infested with them and the mods do literally nothing about it. 

Although I am a little happy that the top comments on this thread are all treating this issue with all the seriousness it deserves. It seems like every thread that does this you have people dodging around or making non-controversial standWhen he did that dance I fucking cheered. I pray that image replays in Chip Kelly's head every time he closes his eyes. DJax was my childhood sports hero, and I'll never forgive Kelly or ESP for that slander against him. He gave us everything he had, even in the bad seasons, he was always a bright spot, and the way they treated him was just despica