As a person that usually plays strength heroes, getting your mana regen to 4.0+ is a hell of a game-changer. I have seen Maiden players struggle as the game goes on, because she is basically the same character unlike Aghs + Refresher Zeus or Warlock. This is where cunning and timing comes in, which may be hard to do in pub games since you dont knowThis! I usually don't last hit as a pos 4 Zeus and still have the most damage on my team by far, sometimes even when I lose I have the most damage in the match. The reason for pos 4 Zeus in low MMR brackets is because most of the cores are dogshit, so he gives you a chance to win the game even if your cores can't even wipe their own asses. For examLook it's a video game skin that's not free, so people are allowed to express opinions about it especially those who paid for it in advance. Not everything is representative of a global narrative, the other cosmetics released so far have been great (WK and QoP), and Kid Invoker is still one of the best skins in the game. 

There is no need for nameHis auto-attacks, attack speed, and speed are nerfed so you have to rely on spamming his Q and W just to make him useful. However, he has a low mana pool, which is in line with other Agility heroes, so he rather than give him a larger mana pool and risk him just spamming Q and W to oblivion, R was made free so his mana pool can be low and reduce thit is becoming a niche game because in mainstream games every system feature is explained and shown in-game. It is crazy because you have to invest a massive amount of time just to learn the basics, and the matchmaking in solo-queue is dogshit between the disconnects and poor players. It is not fun or enjoyable playing the game and as a result, itsShe benefits from the Zoo meta being in vogue with a helm of the dominator, she also farms quickly due to her auras and glaives(doms, passives, and pack leader aura(neutral creep)). Her ultimate is also very good in a team fight , and when combined with Manta, Bkb, and Satanic she is basically a one-woman army. From personal experience, her aura anI would say watch a lot of youtube videos take intensive notes then play all the roles in unranked, so you can better understand what to do. In unranked I would say study your opponent's powers mid-game, as well as your own, and more importantly your teammates. [url](url) check this once a week to see the trends and possibly get dotaplus so you cI have so many!!

1). How do your farm faster as a core without supports stacking?

2). How do you make money as a support beyond killing?

3). What support items would I buy?

4). Do I have top buy support items?

5). Gem or dust, and who should be buying them?

6). When is it ok to get mad ?

7). Partying or solo-queue?

8). PA vs TA, can either smurfing is a problem and it is fucking annoying, Valve is not doing anything about it. Heck Bulldog openly streams his smurf games, which means Valve tacitly accepts it. I still dont understand why this moron is breaking his items, play till it is impossible to win. This means invading your base with no real means to repel them. It is kinda shit bHonestly, TOs should just get out this business altogether there's nothing in it for them. Just leave this alone, let Valve and the community do what they want. If Valve sponsored TIs and Majors alone can sustain the scene, then don't waste your time and effort trying to expand the scene. People don't seem to understand that the current system makeFor me, I don't understand why TOs do this? You cant make any real money, people can restream your content for free, and they get shit on by the community for not having great casting. It takes money to put together a great product, Valve can organize a great TI because they have deep pockets. Why would 3rd parties with deep pockets get involved, wThe issue is for other "sport" events you would have to leave your home to get this type of community viewership, and those places are charged heavily for televising the event. Yes, on an individual level Bulldog is not killing the stream, and he is right the issue lies with Valve's rules. However, him streaming a tournament game is more interestinI can see both sides of it, Dota 2 is not a conventional entertainment product. It requires the viewers to have played the game, to even understand what is going on. Unlike the NFL, where I have never played a down off football, but it was easy to watch and understand. So, I can see why Valve is trying an unconventional rights policy, but the broadIt is the chaos realm, on the pro scene supports buy wards, dust, use spells, and dont steal kills. For example, I played a game where the supports bought zero support items. It is 9 v1 most times, so it is about pure survival and hoping that your team doesn't feed till you can get items. Imagine a support solo pushing down mid continuously and dyiThere are going to be people who never understand what it is like to experience those games, and they will flame expressing your frustration. I recently played a game where the supports did not buy a single supporting item, not 1 ward, smoke, or defensive items, zero was the support contribution. This is what wrecks the game, and makes it had to enIt is becoming random, especially as a support. For example, I was fucking the safe lane. They decided to tri-lane, I am like that is not sustainable, the other lane will push your tower. Lo and Behold, they didnt lose a single tower, for some reason the other lanes didnt for them to stop tri-laning. Of course, this being a pub game, no one rotatedClearly my gripe was with him picking a supporting character as a carry, I am not opposed to unorthodox picks. If he picked him as a midlaner, then it would not matter so much because he would have early levels and gold and can steamroll enemies. Picking a character designed as a support to safe lane is stupid, and is a waste of everyone's time. AgThere's no point solo queuing, here is why:-

1). Someone will pick a carry to play as a support.

2).  Someone will pick a 5 v1 fight despite you tell him/her not to

3). Someone will not use their spells, and you are left fuming why that 1% hp guy manage to survive

4). There is no coordination whatsoever and people dont fucking listen

5) Your tIt’s a negotiation and you do whatever you can to get the most benefit from it. It’s up to the players to get proper representation, and ultimately they hold the power to refuse the deal. If they can’t see they being screwed over then that’s on them, the only people who are getting screwed are the future players. The future players do not get a votI have been waffling between the two sides to the Burrow to the Bengals debate. However, my mind was changed, to side which opposed Bengals’ drafting Burrow, after I heard people say that the Cowboys should not make a move for Stafford because he is not a “winner”. Stafford, in my opinion, is a far better quarterback than Prescott but because he haI do not think so, I mean not being able to even get into FG range whilst holding a 10 point lead in the 4th quarter is poor. Especially given how the KC defence was more concerned with stopping the run, therefore there were plays to be made the time given the time, score, and coverage. He did not make them, and that kept the defence on the field wThat's really tough but I'll go by the one I have rewatched the most and has no subtle drops in quality.

Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood

The story follows two brothers searching for the Philosopher's Stone after performing the one forbidden act of alchemy. The story is set in a country that resembles WWII Germany but magic is the country's greatI think Geoff was alluding to the circumstances in which he was hired, and the fact that Joe Judge was not seen as a hot coaching prospect. I can understand why people are not happy with him leaning into this easy take, but it is really hard to look past their record over the last 5 years, and their GM being perceived as a moron who has too much poI just listened to Skip Bayless criticize the hiring of both Rhule and Judge based on their skin colour and lack of experience. I found it a bit weird because fans do not care about the skin colour of their coach, he could be pink for all they care as long as he provided them with the best chance to win. I am going to give the decision-makers the bJason Garrett being Jerry's yes man has harmed his image around the league. But at the same time, he got to be one of the longest-tenured NFL coaches. No one gets 9 years without at least making a SB appearance, so he got more leeway than he would have gotten elsewhere with similar results. Could he have been an elite head coach in a proper NFL strIn this case staying away from Levy is a smart move. 

There’s a famous story where Dinamo Zagreb wanted 3 Tottenham shirts as part of the Modric deal, Levy said fine and the deal was closed. When the money was wired and the jerseys were delivered, Levy had deducted the cost of the 3 jerseys from the transfer fee. So ya, if I don’t have to negotiatThat quote is misleading because it implies that he didn't want to be a head coach. He didn’t want to be the HC of the Jets because of the uncertainty of his role under new ownership, also he pointed out that the team was in transition  which, coupled with the uncertainty around the ownership situation, made it difficult for him to see it as a feasI remember when he as touted as a can't miss prospect when he initially broke through at Everton. His career took a nose dive when he transferred to City and didn't get game time, but glad to see him getting a shot on a good prem team. Sheffield does a good job when it comes to rehabbing premier league prospects, for example, Lys Mousset was a striThis articulates what a lot of outsiders perceive about the Cowboys’ situation, and why Garrett lasted so long. What I can't wrap my head around is, wouldn’t losing break up this weird set up? I understand that they have won a couple of division titles here and there, but did they not have fewer playoff wins than the Jets this past decade? I mean sIt is possible that we may be in the market for Brazilian talent as a result of Edu, and Rabiot is strongly linked to the club. I am not too familiar with the Brazilians, but Rabiot was good at PSG until he forced his way out. I dunno about him though, he seems like a difficult character, and is already on the move to another club after just signinIt is trues injuries have not helped the situation and has resulted in some weird situations such as Chambers as RB. AMN publicly quit as a RB and got sent off that. Why should the RB cover be someone who isn’t a RB? I agree Papa is decent in a vacuum but whenever he plays with Luiz or Mustafi, things fall apart. He is also not good on the ball whiYou are not wrong and it's a great idea, although you would have to add Ozil, Luiz, Xhaka,and Mustafi. The issue with moving on from the first two would be they are proven top tier commodities, I do not know where we would find replacements for those two. Replacing the others will be relatively easy, but getting two top-class goal scorers is very dWow ok, honestly I don’t think either coach should have been given the job in any capacity. But, the reality of the situation dictated Freddie needed to be an interim. Given that, a sensible board would have given him the time and resources to have a go. Arteta has a coaching staff at the club, which was more than Freddie had. Are there signs of imI look at this game and it was changed by Lampard’s first half sub, ever since then Chelsea nullified our efforts. I don’t blame Arteta, despite my opposition to his appointment. The winner was due to Mustafi being Mustafi and that’s on Arsenal’s recruitment. I’m kind of worried because we may be 3 points above the relegation zone after Man Utd, buBeing slow is not a bad thing on a football field, it just means you have to think a lot more. I don’t think Pirlo, Busquests, or Alonso could win a foot race with a tortoise 🐢, but boy could they control and dictate  a football match. They were always in the right place at the right time, and they made key passes. Football I.Q. is more important tHe is probably the strangest player I have ever seen, none of his off-field attributes translate on to the field, that’s of all the reports about his off-field attributes are true. I have never seen a guy play with his brain off as much as he does, I don’t get it. Never learns from his mistakes, he is the most inexperienced experienced player I havPeople will try to make it out to be about the booing incident. But, he just never learns and possesses the lowest Football I.Q. I have ever seen. For example, he is on a yellow card against Villa, we are down a man, we are attacking their goal, the ball comes to Xhaka he takes a shitty first touch and then proceeds to make a ridiculous slide tacklAll this underachievement over the last decade or so has me worried about keeping your best people. It’s the weird thing about not being a big team, when you get great players or coaches they move on quickly because they feel you can never match their ambition. I just hope we get back on track this decade because when we find good players like LacaI am a Witcher newbie so I don’t know if they got anything wrong or right but, I enjoyed the show! It started out as an 8/10 but the last few episodes dropped it to a 7/10. Anytime a big battle place, it was very low budget and not really enjoyable. It really excelled at telling intimate stories and small scale battles, I really like Yennefer’s stoYa, that’s why I didn’t like XV which is a better product overall because it felt like an action game which is not what I was hoping for. At times it felt like I was playing a fantasy version of GTA rather than a fantasy RPG. It’s really a great attempt at making a RPG game real time like you said, but it was so restrictive and heavily guided, whicMen, I won’t lie I felt like throwing my controller away when a Sentinel was standing right beside another character because said character would get hit with damage, thus negating the need for a Sentinel. 

It’s a very flawed game that has so much potential that may have been realized with better execution as you said.

The spells do matter based To be perfectly honest if the club was doing well none of this would matter, they would film the euphoria of the fans like they did when we beat the Valencia. The club is on track to finish in the bottom half, there’s distinct possibility of a relegation battle, and Freddie has been coaching premier league games with no coaching staff. These guys aI’m really confused as to how Everton won those games? It’s clear both teams didn’t have any tactics beyond work hard and run around. I don’t get Freddie’s beef with Pepe. Nelson should not be starting premier league games as he doesn’t absolutely nothing on the field, he gets countless opportunities by being there not by talent like Martinelli andI’m really confused as to how Everton won those games? It’s clear both teams didn’t have any tactics beyond work hard and run around. I don’t get Freddie’s beef with Pepe. Nelson should not be starting premier league games as he doesn’t absolutely nothing on the field, he gets countless opportunities by being there not by talent like Martinelli andIt in brutally honest I don’t think it will work because the squad is not strong enough to handle a novice, the Kroenkes are won’t fund a rebuild of the squad and he doesn’t have the clout to challenge them. It’s the absolutely the wrong time to hire him there’s not a remote possibility that this club could be in a relegation fight.

I think top 4 It’s funny how this perspective is not more general as opposed to the naivety pervading this subreddit. This is not a good squad, and giving said squad to novices is not smart on any level. 

I’m not opposed to taking a gamble on an unknown manager, in that case I’m uninformed and I need to educate myself on his previous works. In this case there’sArsene had managed 7 YEARS with Monaco, and had developed the likes of Henry and Trezeguet. He brought with him connections and knowledge of the French market which gave us an edge, along with his training methods he had developed over his managerial career being the top man. If Arteta was an actual manger, I could rationalize the appointment by seArteta is going to be terrible. He has no clout to make things happen at the club and is even more of a puppet than Emery. He will flame out due to a low quality squad and not having the requisite experience to get performances out of them. The players won’t respect him due to him not being a top class manager same as they did with Emery. All in alI am not against a rebuild, Spurs hired Poch for a rebuild because of his TRACK RECORD with Southampton and how he built them up to where they were. How do we know Arteta is not a win now option? Why is there an assumption that his methods fit a rebuild? Man City spent the GPD of Iceland to get where they are, that’s not a rebuild. Bringing in peopThose clubs could hire a fan as a manager and still finish in the top 4 in La Liga. The B teams play against professional teams not youth teams. Those teams had foolproof squads, for example, Ceballos was deemed not good enough and he is basically our best mid here. This is not a league or team that can make do with a neophyte, the job here is massThe Arteta appointment is terrible on so many levels, he is the worst option on the market and has no back room staff. The board are only doing this because he is cheap and it’s a way to pander to fans who think playing for the club makes you a great manager. There are real managers on the market, but we go with this small time appointment. It’s noHe is only the co-assistant at City and not even the full assistant. Emery had finished in the top 4 in Spain with both Sevilla and Valencia, and won the Europa League 3 times in a row. If someone as qualified as him can struggle with this team, then Arteta will do far worse. He doesn’t even have a back room staff, how is he different from what FreThis is why the Kroenkes should not be running Arsenal, they know nothing about Football that’s why they think hiring someone who has not managed before is a good idea. It happens regularly in America, and it’s how they got their current NFL coach. The NFL has 0 foreigners as coaches, the teams are equal in talent due to the draft and salary cap, aYup we are a full Kroenke team now, losing is synonymous with all his teams. Whenever he takes over they never win the biggest prizes. We will never amount to much whilst his family run this club. We have mediocre players like Ozil, swallowing up most of the wage bill and can’t be bothered to turn up in big games. Additionally, recruiting mediocre Sports is meant to be an escape from reality, why do I want to mix in divisive issues into the escape? I am on to chat about non-serious issues like 22 men running around in shorts. I’m not on here to talk about Brexit or Trump, r/politics is there for people to discuss issues like that. This is just me though and I applaud the mods for understandiYou may be right on some level, but any first reaction was sadness because I could foresee a situation where he and Mustafi would play a game together and it would be a disaster. I have seen him play and he is many things but a quality defender is not one of them.

The reason why Emery was so unpopular was that he was so defensive, and the team droReally? Highly rated?? Come on everyone knows he can not defend, he is a clown of a defender. That’s why Rafa played him as a CDM. The farther he is away from your goal the better he is. Being likeable and a competent defender, are two entirely different things. The lumping part was about Sokratis. I’m willing to hear alternate theories on many thiI think they really don’t have a plan and are twisting in the wind, for some reason they couldn’t fathom moving beyond Emery. As Chris Rock would say “ A man is only as faithful as his options”. Maybe sacking the manager was not an option simply because of budgetary concerns. So that’s why Arteta and Ljungberg are in the running because they can’t I heard something else, and it was Pep told Sterling to change his pattern of movement and be more of a penalty box guy by making different off the ball runs, and with his pace it would be unstoppable that’s why he gets so many tap ins. I heard Pep personally told him to change that and worked with him. This is exactly why I would much rather have There was this brouhaha over between the players and the owner, I think they had a poor result and in Italy if you have a bad game or are in poor form, the players and the coaches get shunted off to a remote training ground where you focus just on football. The players revolted and I think Carlo didn’t feel the same way, the players were fined and 