A crate just big enough to turn around in is good for potty training. But once that's over (which is pretty quick), if you still want to crate, you should just get the biggest one you can fit in the house.

Get a smaller one, but be ready to get bigger if you ever need. It's just part of having a pup. You can't always get one size and be sure it'll be the right one.That's interesting. We already have had home assessments for our refinance, we have had agents in the past pull comparable homes in the area, so we know what we can maybe get and what we can afford based on debt/income ratios and all that.

So we have all of that, but I think what you're saying is, one agent can actually coordinate it all for us, both the buy and sell. Obviously they would get some kind of service fee (something like 6% of what we take from the sale I'm reading?), but that's probably better than handling all of it and renting a place.This seems nice, though I'm not entirely sure it's feasible because of the following (let me know if I'm off):

1. I might need to do some repairs to the house before selling (which means I'll probably need to move out in between)
2. The market is pretty crazy right now, I'm pretty sure we wouldn't be able to buy a home if it had a contingency vs. everyone else who are ready to buy immediately (houses are sold within minutes of being listed sometimes).When you say as soon as the other dog is in "sight," it's too much? Like how far away?

In many cases, you're just too close. In a rare case, a mile away is still too close. The threshold is usually the distance from the trigger (in addition to other things, like the type of dog, how many dogs, how many dogs you saw recently, etc).

If your pup is out of control over their threshold, you won't be able to effectively work on something like counter-conditioning. Best to reset, move back, etc.

I think a tip I would have is to try to understand the threshold and set up intentional training sessions with someone who will bring a dog and have them situated far away. The hope is that with careful setups, you'll start to learn what is actually a good distance where your pup sees the trigger as the mark and will take the reward happily. Then just keep working on conditioning there, advancing as you can in terms of distance. I really like the whole BAT 2.0 from Grisha Stewart, which really drives that idea home.

On another note, my pup had a very unpredictable threshold. Sometimes she would think that any noise would be from her trigger. That a strange shape in the distance is a threatening kid. We could never get her cortisol levels down enough, and had a very hard time getting her to any productive working threshold. Working with a behaviorist and a veterinarian, we went the route of adding in medication (fluoxetine in our case) to help as a training tool. It helped her in her reset days to fully recover, and it helped us maintain a more predictable and consistent threshold. After a year, we were able to start weaning her off of it, as she was starting to be able to process her emotions rather than quickly reacting. Of course, all dogs are different and you'll definitely want to talk to your veterinarian/behaviorist about it all to make sure it's actually the case that you should do it.A lot of people whistle randomly for their dogs, that's one reason why an emergency word might be better, especially if it's really weird.

My friends do regular low-priority recall by whistling, and some people I know just whistle constantly to try to get their dogs to recall (and it doesn't work, so they just keep doing it). These common sounds just aren't great, in my opinion, for an emergency.

So maybe it needs to be a pretty unique whistle?

Anyway, saying "LEGS" is pretty unique already, I bet that'll work for almost all things.

In addition to that, we also have worked on impulse control forever as well. Yelling "wait" from anywhere will stop her from moving forward. One combination we have in our toolbet is a wait and then "touch" or the emergency word.Glad it worked out! We never used the AbsoluteDog challenge, but we've trained a lot in terms of recall. One of the biggest one is an emergency recall word. We use "NOW," and we only ever use it in public during an emergency.

The way we train it is first by just shoving bits sardines from a can (in spring water) everytime we say the word "NOW". We've done this for a year now, about two or three times a month (sometimes more). We sometimes incorporate it into recall training as well, where we're a bit further and say the word in more real-world settings instead of just in the kitchen.

But it's always followed up with sardines, butt scratches, tons of excitement.

I've used it twice in her 2 years, and it's worked.

I would highly recommend working on anything like "LEGS" or any emergency word on a regular basis, forever. This is something we will never stop reinforcing.u/LilacPenny I know you're angry, as you have every right to be, but this comment by u/Impressive-Elk2192 is what you need to work on.

You are the only one that can advocate properly for your dog, and to be honest, we cannot change and educate every single person we find. There are much bigger battles to fight.

When I worked with my behaviorist, one of the things we worked on the most was me advocating for my dog's space. I would rehearse different lines over and over again, until it was automatic and completely emotionless (like I wasn't even thinking, I would just say it). I have lines for adults, kids, adults with kids, homeless people, drunk people, adults with dogs, kids with dogs, adults with kids and dogs, and so on. Along with my diverse artillery of "give us space," I also have a lot of ways to get away from the people. I'll always try to turn or cross the street to avoid as the first step (yeah, it gets annoying, but that's life, walking is not going in a straight line down a sidewalk anymore). The other thing is, I'll use body language, body blocking, and other things to manage the pup to a safer place. Lastly, I have a harness on her that looks like a "working dog" harness that has red ID patches that says "GIVE SPACE" - another warning but not enough by itself.

At the end of every encounter, I make it a point to thank the stranger(s) for helping. They may not always deserve the thanks, but it smooths out the encounters for me emotionally. A lot of times, kids will ask to pet and I will say: "no, I'm sorry, she is too shy and fearful" then, "thank you so much for asking, you did the right thing" To kids, the word "shy" is relatable, and the word "fearful" is known and powerful... most of the times.

I also make a point to thank any adults with kids there, especially if their kids did really well. If their kids did not, I try to see if I can quickly tell them: "not all dogs love kids, and some can be aggressive. Mine is not, but it's good practice to teach your kids to ask and not approach first to keep them safe."

Anyway, it's not easy, and you're justified in your thoughts, but hopefully you can work on putting all your tools together to advocate for your dog.My previous cars I've kept for 8+ years. They were sold in near mint condition each time, and for much more than KBB (my last car was $22K on KBB, but I sold it for $36K easily). I may have been lucky, but one of the reasons I was able to resell them for so much was because I took care of them as if I was going to own the car forever. Getting the best PPF protection, any accessories/aftermarket items were the best possible, and taking a lot of care of it. At the end of the day, going the extra mile, actually paid off in a way.

The Model Y, maybe I'll do the same, but if there's a refresh Model X that's coming, I might drop the Y and get the X instead. It's a lot more expensive, but if it's something I can stick with forever, I might just make the switch.

I like the extra space the X has, and with a big dog, it would be worth the investment. But that's all if the model X will have a refresh. Maybe in a couple of years?

Other option, if I can afford it, would be to just keep the MY and get a MX, but that might not be practical.Going with a well-researched breeder gets your chances up for what you're hoping for. Health, behavior, energy, natural working tendencies, and all that.

Adopt don't shop is a great message, as long as it means not going to a pet store puppy/mill source. What we're trying to avoid is bad breeders. Adopting is great, because it gives a dog a second chance. But those aren't the only options.

Like others have said, I won the genetic lottery and somehow got a reactive dog from a breeder with almost zero signs of reactivity. I was also reassured by trainers/behaviorists that we didn't do anything obviously wrong, so it is most likely purely just bad luck.

I still am all for doing the right research and going with a breeder that is thoroughly vetted. That sets you up if you'd like.I'm going to get a set of AllSeasons for my 21" at some point, and carry chains just in case during spring/fall. On long roadtrips where I live, you can get pretty high into the sierras and you'll get some cold temps (0 F) possibly in spring or fall, but only for a small section (a couple of hours at most).

In those cases, All Seasons might not be good enough and will turn into ice skates. Having the chains for safety is a good idea.Our walks as a puppy were always 100% training. It was exhausting. My pup, like anyone's, is always going for the suicidal acts haha.

As time went on, I realized the same thing. Our morning walks I bring a mug of coffee to enjoy, and we stop at a few places to just sit and watch (a good training/socialization thing to do too). My puppy was very fear reactive and default suspicious, so sitting with plenty of distance from things and enjoying the view, while shoving hot dog bits into her, were very pleasant.OK, no risk in trying it and then returning if it didn't fit. So here it is:

[https://imgur.com/a/uxDJ9Aa](https://imgur.com/a/uxDJ9Aa)

It fits perfectly. No hatch issues (though my hatch is already set a bit lower because of my garage ceiling) and can't see the front at all while driving inside.

I'm giving a huge thumbs up to the Thule Motion XT - XL!1. Start teaching impulse control immediately, and practice multiple times a day. This can be done with simply waiting to go out an open door, waiting for food, etc. Advance towards rewarding calm. Impulse control will translate to so much and is incorporated into all sorts of training. Note: this is not great for some working dogs because it CAN dampen prey drive/independence etc. which is required for things like SAR.
2. Focus on off-leash skills (recall at different levels, suggestion that needs to be adhered to soon, an immediate recall, and an emergency recall that has to work every time).
3. Focus on on-leash skills (impulse control is huge here, but do this early and daily). I worked on this twice a day with my dog, every day, for 2 years. She's not perfect even with all of that, but our walks are amazing.
4. Paws ALWAYS on the ground. We never taught her things like "shake" and we never let her jump on anything until she was about 18 months old (both for growth plate sake and also so she didn't get in a habit of jumping on anything). We did a ton of no jumping on people while she was a mere 20 lbs, and by the time she was 25 lbs she was completely a non-jumping dog. Now at 85 lbs, she would utterly destroy people if she was jumping, even once.

She's kind of old now, but puppy tax can be found scrolling back: https://instagram.com/keamoroI literally never took my eyes off my pup until she was in a crate. You're being responsible, you're learning about her, and overall you're keeping her safe.

My puppy was a tornado. She would come out of her create and leave a path of death and destruction behind. I was constantly redirecting her. I watched her like a hawk, hovering around, making everything a training moment.

It was exhausting.

How did I take a break? I didn't hand her off. I set her up to be exhausted herself.

I would dedicate an hour to just play and train with her, nose work, and all sorts of fun things. Towards the end of the hour, I would play crate games with her, and ultimately I would throw in a big chewy snack and close the door. The crate would be next to a makeshift bed I made for myself. Then I would just take  2 hour nap, and my exhausted puppy would take a 2 hour nap.

Sometimes in those 2 hours, I would do things like, brush my teeth, make breakfast, work, take a breather. My entire day was chunked up in 2 hour sections. It sucked, but I got into a rhythm. I knew it wouldn't be forever.

My puppy was destructive for so many months, but one day she just stopped. My redirecting "leave it" commands were rock solid, I always had an artillery of treats/toys to redirect and trade with, my home office was barren of anything other than my bitter sprayed desk and chair.

I made it. Find your rhythm.I also want to reiterate that puppies are highly distracted. Don't get down on the fact that he's not always 100% ready to work. In fact, if you KNOW a command isn't going to work through experience and reading his body language, then don't train the command. It loses it's power every time it doesn't work.

So sometimes, just shrug it off. Either you're not in the right state of mind to be exciting enough, or he's simply a puppy and needs a different environment to train in. If you're up for it, set him up for success, then start training. Otherwise, just relax, let him be for awhile.Your GSD is way smarter than you give him credit for. It's you to blame. It's not that he isn't listening. It's not that he doesn't remember. You have to set him up for success.

I taught my pup how to crawl one day, took a few tries. But other than that one day, we never practiced it. A few months later, my pup was super engaged with me. She was hungry (we feed her through training), I was in a super excited mood and she was super excited to play with me. She didn't care about anything else, wasn't distracted, and was hyper focused. Why? Because I was more interesting than anything else at that moment. I had the food. I had the energy. She was so excited to work.

And then, I just decided to work on her crawling again. I asked her to crawl, and bam, she did it. Months later. at 9 months old. No practice.

She's not a prodigy. It was just the perfect storm.

What you need to work on is, engaging with your pup and getting them focused. I wouldn't force them to be focused on a boring and kind of grumpy person. Instead I would make myself way more exciting. Him not listening is probably a product of him just not hearing you because he's so focused on something else. If you were more exciting that something else, then he would absolutely listen, and you know as well as anybody, he knows the commands.

Now, puppies are INCREDIBLY distracted all the time. So it's not 100% your fault. That's just how it is. Set yourself up for success first, before expecting anything.

1. Get to an environment where he will have less distractions (you advance this as you go, like my dog can do distance commands in the middle of 10 of her favorite dog friends, but you start with the easiest thing, indoors probably in a boring place).
2. If he's food/toy driven, find the time when he's most likely to be hungry or ready to play
3. Make sure you're in a very happy mood. Think to yourself: "does my dog want to play with me? or is just tolerating me?"
4. Ramp up. Just throw treats or the toy a few times without requiring any work. Then start with some easy things once you know they're focused on the toy/food.
5. You'll feel it, you'll feel the engagement. It's different for a lot of dogs, and it's not easy. We took a month long class on engagement, and we still have a lot to learn. 
6. A lot of training is learning how to best communicate with your dog. That means engagement. Ultimately your pup will be so used to engaging with you, and you'll know so much about how to get to there, that you'll get instant response to your commands in all sorts of situations. Overall, be aware of yourself. It's you, not them.Comparison is always a factor, but you'll learn that it's unfair to your pup.

This is a whole other topic, but our puppy became very fear reactive. You think puppy blues is bad? Imagine fear turning into seemingly lifelong reactivity that keeps you from doing anything you love and having a dog that is fearful of everything. THAT is 1,000x harder than anything. When that hit, it was impossible to compare our pup with what everyone else was going through. All dogs have their own paths, good or bad, it's up to us, the humans, to help them. There's nobody else that can.

The good end to this story is, we now have the most balanced pup ever. We are so in tune with her, and we wouldn't be anywhere close to having such a bond without having gone through so much.Frisbee is tough. First, you don't want your puppy jumping a lot when they're young (growth plates and all that).

How we started was doing "rollers," where you spin the frisbee on it's side so it rolls away. If your pup has the right drive, he/she will run after it and try to grab it, just like anything else that's running away (prey drive).

The idea is that your pup will grab the frisbee as it's rolling away. Once your pup is cleared for jumping activities (I'd wait until about 1.5 to 2 years as a general rule, but check with your vet to be extra sure. Our dog is on the large size at 80 lbs, so we waited until 18 months), then you can doing tosses in the air for them to grab.

I suck at throwing a frisbee, so it takes some time to get used to it.

We really like the Chuck-it Parasail frisbee the most. It's soft, durable, and is fairly easy to throw once you've learned its balance.

We've also taught our pup to "swing" around to gain a ton of speed before we throw. To train this, we just lure her around our body (clockwise if we're right handed and throwing from the left side of our body) and give her the release word immediately ("OK GO GET IT"). This gets her to build speed so that when we release the frisbee she is already accelerating forward to catch it, otherwise, your dog might not have enough speed to get to the frisbee by the time it hits the ground.You're not wrong, but it's not always the case. My pup was from a very very reputable breeder, and we spent hours a day working with our pup who became very fear reactive. It was out of nowhere, and surprised all involved. We worked with behaviorists, trainers, and after 2 years, she is probably the most balanced dog out there. But those first years, you would have thought she was an abused, neglected dog. Nope, she was just spooked at the height of her fear period by two kids who busted into a store screaming one day. That did it.

I do, however, think it's 100% the owners faults for not keeping the pup secured. There's no way they didn't know of the dog's nature, and this is just 100% negligence. You can't even let a simple accident cause a dog to escape like this.

Some dogs are harder than others, and unfortunately not all owners can handle it and/or don't go the length to figure out a better home or situation.this technique never worked for me, maybe I did it wrong. I couldn't balance enough to keep on the edge and would rock back to flat, or worse, catch the back edge.

what ultimately worked for me was putting all my weight into the leading foot and almost picking up the entire back. If there were grooves, I would wiggle, but that's it.

Is this wrong?If it makes you feel any better, I've gone back to the same Berkeley SC, 7 times now, usually with overlapping issues that weren't fully fixed the first time around.

They've never bitched at me, and always try their best which I appreciate. But getting them to text or call me is impossible.

Weird, I've never been asked to give ratings, or maybe I've missed them. It's been a full month since I've been there. I have 2 lingering issues from previous services that need to be looked at, but I'm just so tired of going there.Yup, there's a 120v outlet in the garage (detached) that I am using. I actually thought about running the NEMA to the side of the house, but the cost to get it the extra distance to the garage wasn't that much more.

The idea was an abundance of convenience, park in the garage, nice fast charging overnight. If I really needed a fast charge and I was close to empty, there's two superchargers very close to me (one within a mile, the other within 2 miles).

Right now, I do a few longer drives on weekends, but I can easily manage with the range and charging overnight on the 120v. And then throughout the week when I only use 5% max a day, the 120v keeps up just fine.

If I were commuting, I would have a much harder time making this work.

I'm in CA by the way.This both breaks my heart and also warms it.

My dog wasn't at all abused, but she developed quite a bit of reactivity as a pup. We worked really hard to help her with the help of r/reactivedogs and behaviorists.

I would highly recommend working with a behaviorist immediately to start putting together a plan of how to best help this pup with any lingering trauma. I hope it's minimal, but knowing shepherds, they tend to remember everything and can be quite dramatic about it. Sensitive shepherds (and any breeds/mixes) really benefit from a very positive reinforcement training early on, and using something like BAT 2.0 by Grisha Stewart would be a good start. 

I would try to find a veterinary behaviorist in your area as well, if possible. Set this pup up for success as best you can. You're the only thing in the whole world that can help her, and she's so lucky to have you.My white swiss shepherd really likes Great Danes. So there's that data point to throw into the mix.

She's also friendly with all the dogs who have foxtail masks on and you can't see their faces.

I think it could be a result of her having good experiences with all the great danes she's met.

She's mostly wary of dogs who have a specific type of approach. Usually coming on strong with a status-seeking looking body language. Dogs that run into the dogs straight on hard. That type of thing.Wow, fuck that friend. I hate people who think they know it all and have no awareness that they aren't some god-chosen future diety, and there are more things they don't know about than they do know about. The smartest people I've ever met, are the ones who know how much they don't know.

Not sure what you're looking for from us in the comments, but as you can see, we all feel like you didn't do anything wrong and it was completely warranted. To be honest, I think what you did was pretty minor, and I think so easily substantiated.

Remember, you don't have a dog for other people's enjoyment. You are your dog's only source of happiness, leadership, and really Poplar's whole life. Making sure he's happy and comfortable is all that matters. Fuck your friend's stupid attempt to belittle you and make you feel shitty. Isn't there a word for that? Gaslighting? Or just being an inconsiderate asshole.

I'm sorry, I'm mad at your friend for you.

I'm glad you got Poplar to a comfortable place. That's not doing your best, that's just doing the right thing for him. You know him the most, you don't need these people to tell you it was right or wrong.I used to get so mad, but this is just normal now. I'm really good, however, at body blocking and shoving dogs away with my feet. I'm OK with getting bit for the sake of protecting my pup, but it's never happened.

When I say shove, I don't mean kick or hurting the oncoming dog. I usually turn so I'm facing my pup, getting in between the oncoming dog and her, and then looking back, I'll just put my foot on the dog's chest and shove back with my leg pretty sternly. After a few shoves, either the dog gets it and leaves or the owner finally gets to the dog (while cursing me out for kicking their dog).

I feel bad for the dog, I wish I could kick the owners.

Overall, I hope my dog has learned that she doesn't need to react with oncoming dogs when she's on leash, and that I'll fend them off for her.

In your situation, you couldn't be right there, and that sucks. your pup isn't totally messed up though, he's still learning and hopefully will bounce back.You're right about small vs. big wins. To me, looking forward to the small wins for reassurance wasn't right. Because I was constantly let down. Don't get me wrong, every small win made me happy, but that couldn't be ALL that made me happy, because it just wasn't enough.

Setting the dog up for success is key, but also for the handler. Small wins were not my measure of success, but they were absolutely a big part of progress.I bet the owner saw that you were well aware of the situation and a puppy is excusable in that scenario (secluded beach and all). I wish I could be as calm/collected as that owner!

Recall and impulse control is key for your pup (and every pup really), not only for reactivity in other dogs but just to keep your dog safe. Prioritize it! And thanks for being so aware.Who are the "reactive dog owners" ?

I am not that active in this subreddit, but I have a reactive dog that I've worked 5 hours a day with for the past year, gone through a shit ton of stress and depression myself because of it, and I am not jealous. I don't think that's an attack on people like me, but please explain?

I'm going through a ton of shit, trying my damn best. Luckily, my pup turned a corner late last year, and she's become one of the most balanced pups ever. It's mostly been through R+ or at least with BAT 2.0 methods. I like this subreddit because I like learning about all sorts of methods of training, and finding what works best with my pup.

We're still working hard, and have plenty to do.

Anyway, I guess I'm just confused. This seems really negative and I am trying to figure out if this is really something silly, or if I'm taking it a bit too seriously.Right, I was totally in this mode too. Frustrated, no patterns, no progress, everything sucks. This is a perfect sign that everyone needs a break. Taking breaks is a HUGE part of the process, and you need to work as hard about being intentional about that as actually doing any other training.

In the time off, you don't just sit around doing nothing either. Train new tricks, reinforce old ones, and do all sorts of fun confidence games. Something as easy as jumping up on a stool, or hopping over a broomstick with a lot of celebration. Just do a bunch of new stuff with tons of celebration.I love this. I think you've really encapsulated everything that I've been thinking about as well, and a lot of what others have said. It's also interesting to hear of your two different experiences, which, while a low number of prove points, is still telling.

We were under the impression that we HAD to do everything within that tiny small "window of socialization," and I think that really made things worse. That stressor to do all the things because otherwise we would have a wild dog, really screwed things up.

To this day, my pup is still "socializing," and we're still working on things, and you know what, she's still learning what's scary, what's safe, and how to react. And better yet, in a state of mind that's not so fearful, built up with a lot of confidence.

We went from a confident puppy, to a puppy thrown into a crazy whirlwind of socialization, then backing off after admitting that we had a reactivity problem, working with a behaviorist, having 4 days of no-exposure to triggers, working carefully with BAT 2.0 type of counter conditioning, and finally coming back out with a balanced dog after over a year of work... and now are again on a path of learning with her, though at a much more balanced way.

If we did it again, I bet we'd be more in tune with when she was ready to go do the socialization, and not be so pushy.That makes a lot of sense. I am wary of ever getting another puppy. After all this, I'm just not confident that I could do it right.

I've learned so much, and my dog is so much more balanced and manageable now, but how does anyone have the confidence and skills to correctly socialize a puppy? It just seems completely luck related, both in how you approach socialization, what's innate/genetic, and all the factors in the world that can't be controlled.I know that positive socialization is what you want, you don't even necessarily want neutral, and of course not negative.

With more socialization, you increase the chance of negative associations. Could this be the culprit?

My dog is a white swiss shepherd, extremely curious dogs that need to know everything. I'm pretty sure they catch everything, and can negatively associate with something that owners have no idea about for a long time, and only realizing it when reactivity comes out (which probably is too late).Oh totally. Your pup's bucket is probably just constantly full.

Seeing a kid about three blocks away would instantly fill my dog's entire stress bucket. How did we know? After she saw that kid, she would be jumpy, high alert, and reactive to ANYTHING that moved. We would try again the next day, still reactive to all sorts of random things without a pattern. So then we tried two days, three days, and finally we started seeing improvements.

It's not always the case, but ultimately we found giving her 4 days, we would see strong patterns in exactly what she was reactive to. And then, her threshold would be workable.

It wasn't instant, it took us maybe 4 months to figure this out, but once we did, we finally started making real counter conditioning progress. But it's a process, you are progressing by just figuring out this amount of time that's needed to de-stress. That may be the hardest part.Cats just hide in bushes or under a car, so there's no way to know they're there until we get close.

My dog is on a 3 foot lead, and she's always in a pretty tight heel when we walk. I think you're wondering if she's on one of those really long flexi-leashes, she's not.

We just pass a cat, and it hisses arches, and it's too late. Then the fucking things (three different ones, so I feel like it's just something cats do) start following us.

My poor pup is so freaked out by that.I used to use a generic dog hammock for the back seat. They're pretty cheap on amazon. I ended up just shoving a crate into the car and using that (more safety), then the dog got too big and I used a Travall Guard in my Subaru Outback. With the MY, my pup is too big to try to climb into the back seat, but I will probably get a Variobarrier HR.

Ultimately, I will be getting a custom TNC crate that will take up two back seats and most of the cargo area up to where you access the under floor storage.I don't know what I'm doing. I own a home, and I'm trying to remodel. I have a lender who is doing a cash-out refinance, an architect who says the project will work, a general contractor who just agrees with the architect, and some random people telling me the remodel is worth it.

Two years ago, I talked to 6 different architects and GC's, and they all laughed when I told them my budget. I'm guessing things are different now, but I'm worried we're going to be hit with a bill we can't pay.

Is there a subreddit that can help me? I'm clueless, and I'm worried that I'm talking to people who may not have my best interests in mind when trying to get me to start doing the work.Maybe I'm doing it wrong:

1. Rinse with hose
2. Soap in bucket with a mit
3. Use the mit on the entire car
4. Use the mit on the rims last
5. Rinse with hose
6. Dry with a 8hp blower

If the car is really dirty:

1. Rinse with hose
2. Use the foam gun thing on the hose to douse the car with shampoo water
3. Use the mit on the entire car
4. Rinse with hose
5. Dry
6. Adam's detail spray any remaining bits, especially for my black car
7. Adam's rubber/plastic tire dressing on the tiresThat's beautiful, love the layers.

I went on Sunday, but left at sunset because I knew the rangers were going to kick us out. But we saw so many people still coming in and setting up on the hillside. I wish I had stayed, but I didn't want to add to the problem.

I'll try to look for another spot above the fog that's open in the evening.

Here's mine from Sunday: [https://www.instagram.com/p/CC2kMVaHQ26/](https://www.instagram.com/p/CC2kMVaHQ26/)oh, this is extremely hard for any dog!

If you never train with two people in the same place, or another dog, you can't expect your pup to generalize perfectly.

Just like starting to do loose-leash in the house, we started doing loose-leash with two people involved indoors, then in the yard, and progressed to out on the street. After awhile she figured it out.

With dogs, same thing. trained two dogs at once in the yard, let them play as a reward. Even to this day, it's tough. Usually we let the dogs play their hearts out, then after a long play session, we do the loose-leash walking training with the other dog nearby.

With enough practice, it'll kick in.

Slow and steady steps, set your dog up for success.>\-Is the low suspension really a big deal, comfort-wise with regular highway driving?

The height with the performance package suspension is negligible, you would barely notice a difference, therefore there really isn't any difference with comfort on highway. I think you're thinking more about the spring rate/dampening rate, which really affects both body-roll and how it absorbs bumps.

The performance suspension is pretty harsh, and I'm considering swapping them out for possibly better comfort. I might look into any other suspension improvements that would help make up for it, such as thicker sway bars (if they have any in these cars the way I'm used to).

>\-How much does it cost to have a shop swap them out twice a year?

Do you mean the tires? I'm assuming the whole wheel. It shouldn't cost much. I actually swap my own out within 30 minutes myself on previous cars, haven't done it on the Tesla yet.

1. Loosen the lug nuts/bolts
2. Raise one wheel off the ground with proper jack points and those little "pucks" that fit in the jack point holes. You'll need a floor jack (not too pricy at any auto store). 
3. Remove the loosened lug nuts
4. Remove the wheel (it's heavy, so it takes a little effort)
5. Put the new wheel on
6. Tighten the lug nuts a bit
7. Lower the car down
8. Tighten lug nuts to spec
9. Repeat for all 4

>\-Are there other tires that are all weather that would fit these wheels?

I think there might be, but I think the better idea would be to get a set of 20" or 19" wheels and just have winter tires on them. Swap out just wheels without worry about swapping tires. I don't think there are any good solutions to 21", but I may be wrong.Is it his own? Or other dog poops?

He's pretty old, so it might be different training an older dog, but here's what we did:

1. Always pick up her poop in the yard
2. She eventually stopped pooping in the yard and will only do it when we go out on walks/hikes/etc so that was nice
3. We used a few poop deterrents that we mixed in with her food, and that helped
4. We trained a solid "leave-it" and practiced a lot (we spend like 5 minutes a day practicing leave-it, she's basically conditioned to immediately run to me when I say it now)
5. Ultimately, she started to learn that she really should never eat poop and second guesses herself

She isn't perfect. On occasion she will take a nibble of a fresh pile from another dog when she's off-leash. But I can tell she knows it's wrong, and when I say leave-it she will. I just can't always say that in time.

I've also heard people sprinkling cinnamon or bitter spraying poop around the neighborhood and then taking the dog for a walk. They'll eventually learn that poop is really terrible to eat. But I don't think it's that effective.

Lastly, if your dog is off leash, consider using something like a foxtail mask (OUTFOX is a brand we use) and the worst case is you'll get poop smeared on it and enough time to get to your pup before he gets into it too badly. The idea is to just keep working on conditioning them to leave poop, and not self rewarding by getting a nice chunk of it down.I posted almost the same ask. Dark roasts are your best bet, in fact, just go for French Roast and work your way up from there.

Stumptown's French Roast is probably the least "Dark" I've tried, and I'm a big fan of it now.

Other good ones that I like are Philz Tesora.

Counter Culture's 46 is not too dark and has no acidity, but it's kind of lacking in a lot of complexity.I got my delivery date scheduled, and then I emailed Tesla finance to redo the loan (the last one expired, since my delivery was supposed to be in April). It seemed like the delivery didn't care, as long as the money was paid right before I drove off.

I just paid through the web a day before my delivery. I figured, the worst case, I just cancel my order altogether and they'll eventually refund me the money.I had the same. I had arranged a loan earlier in March, but because of SIP it expired. They could care less about what was going on with the loan and I setup delivery etc. without payment or the loan being active anymore.

I ultimately had to get the loan approved and all that before I got there, but yeah, they don't care about that when setting up your delivery (at least here in CA).I got my car on June 13, barley drove it 20 miles, and it's been at the service for a week. It only had minor issues, but they are pretty backed up and hopefully I can get my car back today. If so, I hope all my issues are solved and I can move on. But realistically, I could be looking at least at one more service for issues I find driving it more than just 20 miles.Yeah, I think the bottom line is:  


You'll get a car that is pretty much perfect, and there's no risk. You can always get your money back.

The only thing you lose is time/energy spent dealing with service and/or going through the return process (which is really just waiting).

Big upside: awesome car (eventually)  
Small downside: you got excited, but ultimately they couldn't get you the car you wanted2019 Subaru Outback 3.6R Limited, 9,000 miles on it!

I love the car, but need to get out of our lease. It's with Chase, so there's no way to transfer it. The only way is to buy it out, but I don't have that liquid.

I tried using Swapalease, but they're listing it at an outrageous price, so nobody is buying.

Can I advertise on Craigslist at the buyout price?

What other options do I have?Hah! Well here's how it usually goes:  


1. Park in the garage.
2. Grab the duster from the wall
3. Just go over the surface quickly. Takes one minute, maybe 2.

When I leave

1. Goto the garage
2. Grab the duster
3. Just go over the surface (1 - 2 minutes)
4. Put the duster back and leave

It's just a few more minutes before and after driving.

Washing a car, it's just simple rinse, soap, and dry with the 8hp drier, which is really simple. If it's really hot outside, the water droplets will leave residue, so I just go over some of those areas with a detail spray, wipe off with a cloth, and it's good.I have a 2019 Outback and now the Model Y. I feel like I'm higher in the Model Y. But that's just a feeling, and could be because of the glass roof like someone else mentioned.

The cargo area is much smaller feeling, and it is because of the slope. I'm still waiting on weather mats from Tesmanian so I can test my dog in there, but she's probably going to have to lay down the whole time.I think if you're not used to having a black car, owning one is really weird. But I don't know, it's just been part of owning a car, keeping it clean.

On my last car, it was fully wrapped in XPEL, and I would use one of those big car dusters on it every time I came home, and sometimes right before leaving the garage. And of course, garage. And then it's just fine. The duster was a game changer, and having a single car garage makes it even easier.A few photos including all the issues I found:

[https://imgur.com/a/VjUCHyj](https://imgur.com/a/VjUCHyj)

So far:

1. Charge door does not close flush
2. Spoiler has not adhered on the left side
3. One of the back seats sits higher than the others, rattles a tiny bit
4. Driver's side door creaks a bit when the car goes over bumps
5. Only two or three minor alignment issues that I barely noticed and I don't think they'll fix

Pretty awesome!

I picked it up in San Francisco this morning. Delivery manager said this is only the second black Model Y they've seen, and the first one was just sitting across the room waiting to be picked up.

I got there a bit early, the building is old and seems to be hacked together for delivery. The front doors were shut, no signs. I walked around the block, and asked someone who was washing a Model 3 outside. He opened a random garage door and there were people there waiting for me. Not sure how else I would've gotten in.

Touchless delivery was fairly easy, I got 30 minutes to look at the car, then I had to sign paperwork. They weren't pushy, they were very nice!

I didn't see any issues when I was there. It was pretty great, and I guess I expected worse.

When I got home, I really had to go through the entire car carefully a few times to find a couple small things. The most notable being the charge door not closing flush, and the back seat not aligned.

My only issue now is, the garage apparently doesn't have sufficient grounding to charge the car (it's old). No biggie, I need to get a 220v out there eventually anyway.

My current problems:

1. My phone doesn't stay on the charging pad, it slides right off and down into the bin below. What is going on? I don't have a phone case.
2. The car brakes like a MF when I take my foot off the gas. I was getting myself carsick (and that never happens) because of the forward lurching. Yeah, I've only driven a Tesla once in my life, and I remember it being uncomfortable. So far, it's kind of not a great drive because of this. I keep hearing I need to get used to it. I came from driving manual cars with clutches my entire life, I can barely drive an automatic transmission car, so this is REALLY weird.
3. Charging... I guess I will be doing a lot of Caraoke until I can setup the house with 220v, or at least get the garage grounded correctly.
4. In order to keep the hatch from hitting the garage ceiling, I had to set it just below 82". That doesn't give a lot of space to get into the hatch. I think that's kind of annoying, but I get it. Maybe I just need a new garage.
5. Center console - the finger prints are driving me nutsI have a White Swiss Shepherd (80 lbs only, tiny compared to your Dane I'm sure), and we'll just be using Tesmanian weather mat for the cargo area for her, and I'll probably invest in a Variocage for longer trips that'll go on top of 2/3rds of the back seats folded down.

I'm hoping she can fit in the cargo area with the seats up, though the sloped roof may mean she can only lay down. My only requirement is she can stand up, stick her head up where the back seats are, and move around a bit before laying back down. We'll see, car comes tomorrow (and my Tesmanian mat comes today!).

I'm considering getting a Travall Guard, or maybe the Variocage equivalent if that still allows enough room for her to get up and move around to be in place permanently. I currently have a Travall one behind the back seats of my Subaru Outback, and she has tons of space back there. Of course the hatch doesn't slope, so it's perfect for her.I'm not sure if this will be helpful, but we started our pup on fluoxetine when we were in a phase where reactivity/fear was climbing at an alarming rate. Even if we didn't start her on fluoxetine at that time, I'm pretty sure her fear/anxiety would have shot up anyway.

What I'm saying is, could there be a chance it's not directly because of fluoxetine?

My pup got worse before she got better, and who the heck knows if fluoxetine ever really helped that much. I can't tell if she's improved and her thresholds have been better because of the meds, or if we have learned a lot about her thresholds, her required downtime, and counter conditioning and all the work is actually paying off.

I'm actually going to try to schedule some time with a certified veterinary behaviorist to take a look at her current status and her fluoxetine intake. There's no other way to really know for sure I think, and even then, it's still a guess.That's so heartwarming to hear. You have really figured out how to make life pleasant for him! I love it when there's a working formula for things, like how to work on walks, how to introduce to a new person, etc. Yes, it's not convenient, but it works.

I think we're seeing a glimpse of the other side, I just don't want to jinx it. The fact that I'm considering weaning off fluoxetine is something I wasn't sure I would have thought about so seriously.

Thank you so much. This community has really been the best.I think IFTTT has some myQ interface. If you use anything like a webhook to trigger it (if this), then it should be fairly easy.

I think building out an IFTTT module that can interface with myQ will allow people to build anything on top of IFTTT, especially if it's just a webhook that anyone can call. Geofencing or just pressing a button that shoots off a GET request should be all you need. I bet you could even just build a simple app on the phone or some other action on the phone to do it.Black/Black PUP ordered May 2019. I got a call a week before the SIP started in the SF Bay Area giving me an estimate for April delivery. But of course, everything got shut down.

I wasn't expecting the car until, at the earliest, Q4 2020 when I ordered it. With how the Model 3 went, I was even OK with it being pushed until 2021.

I even considered just canceling my order and putting in an order in 2021 or later, thinking they may fix a few of the common early adopter issues. Those issues don't seem to be too severe though, so I might just stick with it.

One thing I'm wondering, if there's a refresh of the Model X, will I want to splurge a bit more to get that?With a lot of velcro dogs (like GSDs), leaving the room as a time-out with a well timed: "Ow, too bad." will also go a long way.

We progressed from hard bites warranting us leaving the room, to even accidentally touching us with a tooth during play, leads to us leaving the room (closing the gate).

We only need to leave for 10 - 15 seconds and she got it. I believe we only had to do this a couple of times and we completely curbed her mouthing.

Of course we spent a lot of time going from intensity of bites to zero bites. Not sure how much it was needed, but we wanted to teach her both bite inhibition and bite control. Now she has such a varying amount of bite control, being able to delicately take something like a treat or toy, and is soooo careful around humans with her mouth. It's very rare we ever ever feel her teeth, even by accident.Dang, so sorry to hear. Generally, I'm not very trusting of people who can hide behind the anonymity of the internet. I've yet to have a bad experience, everyone has been so awesome that I've met through the game, but I don't think I'll ever be surprised if I get a bad actor.

You might know already, but if you hit the \`-\` button, you can end the session for everyone so you can probably boot everyone out right away if something is going badly.

I go so far as to fence off my island, and it's already setup with terraforming/fences such that I can easily block a few spaces before opening up my gates to strangers.

Anyway, sorry to hear, but keep positive and know there's plenty of other great people.Mine already expired, and still no sign of the car being produced yet, so I'm just going to wait and try again. My credit score took a small hit, but it's back up already. Even so, it wasn't enough of a dip to change much I'm guessing.

I feel bad saying we were getting ghosted, these people had to stop working for the same reasons a lot of others had to. I try not to blame them for it. How could they have known?I got the email as well, black/black pup.

I had a call with a rep a week before SIP happened, and was told I'd be seeing my car in April. Of course that didn't happen, but just wanted to give you context on my order if that's helpful.

I had my insurance quote all ready, but now I believe it's no longer valid. I'm going to wait before putting that in again this time. I checked my credit score and it bumped down from that, but now it's back. I don't think the change actually would matter on getting the same loan again, but I'm not going to make the same mistake.I would just point you to the right youtube videos, but it sounds like you've done that.

1. Checkered pattern will be the best (but even without that it'll work)
2. Water the flowers with a watering can, every day
3. New ones will ONLY spawn from fully grown flowers. So don't pick the petals and stuff off, leave them, and don't expect buds etc. to spawn anythingLet's say my nintendo switch breaks completely. What happens to my Island?

I have Nintendo Online membership, but I don't have a microsd (I can get one).

I just hope that after playing the game so much and building up my island, I would really hate to see it disappear because my switch breaks, gets stolen, I lose it, or what have you.

I read some articles online, but they're all articles speculating what will happen because they were written before the game came out.

Thanks!Can I buy Cherry MX Silent Brown switches? I saw mention of them online, but I have never seen them for sale.

If not, are there other brands that are basically a silent version of browns?

My home office keyboard is loud, which is never a problem, but now that I'm on conference calls all the time, people can't hear anything while I type and take notes. I'm using an Ergodox EZ, so it should be pretty simple to swap out the switches, just need to find the right ones.

I only need 76, so if there's a store that I can get a custom number of switches, that would be awesome.

Thanks!!OK, I'm on day 8 or so of playing the game. I have two rooms in my house and full loan debt for that (like 300K bells or so). I already got three residences plots ready (one moved in today). The museum is there. Nook's Cranny is there. And mabel setup a stand in the little village area.

I'm not sure what to do next other than try to catch a stupid Mackerel for Cherry, and try to repay my loan debt (which is so slow going. How many damn bugs do I have to catch?).

It's pretty boring at this point. I customized everything I could, and planted a ton of flowers, rearranged trees...

I went to a bunch of islands, trying to get pairs (my native fruit) so I can goto a friends' island later to sell them. Once I got to an island full of tarantulas and I remember someone saying to save them and sell them to some guy later on for a lot more money (when does that happen?).

OK, sorry, the question again:

What should I do now?At least in the U.S., it's such a delicate dance for asking people to "shelter-in-place." And then they say: "yeah sure, go outside for a walk, or hike, or visit all our parks, just stay 6 feet away from one another."

That first week, all the hiking trails and parks were flooded with people. So many parks had to close down because they were attracting 1000x the normal amount of people lol.

There are more people on the neighborhood streets now than I've ever seen, especially during the week. But my lucky pup is having the time of her life. She sees people and they just avoid us, sometimes even before we avoid them. And she's getting so much cheese. It's great, we've had a constant stream of under threshold walks around the neighborhood.You're right, it should be her pace. In the beginning it was, but now I expect too much from her.

Thank you for that. Along with more motivation etc, I think my mindset needs to be adjusted. I'll go on my own runs that I need without her for now. Maybe as a cool-down run, I'll come home, get her, and see if she'll jog around with me. Best case scenario, she makes me run even more. And then if not, then we went outside and played a bit.We're taking advantage of the situation as well here. My pup is reactive to humans who stop and stare, especially if they reach. As long as they're moving, or start moving again, she's totally at ease with them, and will even boop them with a wagging tail to say hi (which gets her into trouble, because they stop... don't worry, I've learned to not let her do this).

Now, it's amazing. Everyone keeps moving, nobody gets close, and we can counter condition no problem. Kids are staying away too! The danger of someone coming too close within threshold is just so much less, and I'm quickly running out of cheese because of all the great CC opportunities we're getting. 

It's also amazing to me how many people are now outside all the time with their kids. I see people running all the time. Older couples taking strolls. And dogs in the neighborhood I've never seen before. It's kind of surreal.I have a white dog as well, and she's 76lbs! Her current car that she makes me drive her around in, is a 2019 Subaru Outback. She hangs out comfortably in the cargo area. The hair is sort of a permanent part of the back cargo, but it doesn't travel into the rest of the car. And if it does, it doesn't stick to leather.

In the back, we have the weather bottom and seat backs, as well as some nylon custom coverings for the wheel wells that are fabric. So when it's time to clean the car (I've done it once in a year, it's a Subaru), it's just an easy vacuum.

I think with the MY, I'll eventually look out for a custom weathertech seatback/cargo bottom all weather liner, and throw some dog beds in there on top.If you actually do a private sale, you can increase the resale value. I had a near perfect condition, 5 year old car, that I sold $10K over KBB because it was in such good condition. It's a black car, and because it was fully wrapped in XPEL since it only had 10 miles on the odometer, it was still perfect. Granted, the interior was also perfect, and the mechanics of everything was well taken care of as well. But without the exterior being completely free of blemishes, I could not have gotten that much of an increase in value.

If you're just going to beat the shit out of your car, have dogs/kids just roaming around inside, etc... then yeah, forget it.1. You can repaint your car for about the same, but it's gonna be dinged up until you repaint it. So the wrap helps with that (like XPEL).
2. The ceramic coating seems like a huge gimmick, at least I have never seen it work well in practice. I would just skip that. If you already have XPEL wrap on it, why bother?
3. Don't wrap it for a different color, that's just a huge waste, and the color will look worse than actual paint. The only thing I can think of is going with a matte look using XPEL Stealth, which would be cool, but you'd need to wrap the whole car ($5K+).
4. Parking in SF, the XPEL isn't going to help you. You'll need those rubber bumper guards that stick out of your trunk, and not even sure that'll work on a tailgate like the MY. The front, well, that's gonna be punctured for sure.

How do I know? I had a fully wrapped Audi S5 for five+ years. It was beautiful the whole time, no swirl marks, no issues. There were a few huge dings from rocks just slamming into it on highways, and some crappy parkers in SF, but other than that, it looked great throughout the entire time.

I'm going to do it again for the MY, though maybe just the front and the bumper. I don't know if I'll keep the MY for that long, since they'll probably be a way better version of something I would want to replace this with in 4 - 5 years.

The Audi was a thing of beauty, I would have kept that forever if I could, which is why the full wrap was worth it.Sorry, I don't have your patience or humor. I would not have thought it was funny. I also don't have kids, just a dog, so maybe my perspective is wrong.

I would have just explained it, I don't think the kid means to be rude, I just don't think they understand. He might just think you're being irrationally mean.

I've had a very excited kid run up and ask to say hi, and I quicky said, "No, I'm sorry, she's extremely frightened and we shouldn't startle her."No problem, I love sharing and it's likewise great to hear what others are doing!

For reactivity triggers, I don't actually click. The "marker" for us is the trigger. So she sees a kid? That's a marker for a treat. Counter conditioning is basically that the thing she usually reacts to is actually a marker for a ton of hot dogs. I do celebrate a lot (I sound like a crazy person, but maybe I am) when she does it, but again, kid = marker. Or whatever it is she's reactive to. I've learned this from a lot of others, our behaviorist, etc. So I think, other than having to juggle so much when a trigger comes, it's something you could consider in your movement around the trigger. Just treat like crazy and forget about the clicker.

Also, we learned that treating while you're already over the threshold is not very effective. You can, however, lead them away from the trigger with a really good smell. But I'm assuming your pup is still under threshold enough to take treats, just nervous as you move away. I feel like without needing the clicker, one hand holds the leash, the other treats and that should be pretty good.

Anyway, I don't know if that's helpful. I guess if you don't really need to guide your dog with the leash, and can just keep walking with a waist setup, it doesn't hurt to have an extra hand for other things. I just could never maneuver her well without a hand on the leash.

Once in awhile while we're running, she'll see a damn gopher/squirrel, and it's easy to just grab the leash with a hand even though it's attached at the waist.

And yes, we have a traffic lead as well, it's a 2 footer. I've never really found a good use for it, because yes, we may need it momentarily, but otherwise her loose-leash walking is, I'm proud to say, very well trained now so it's just for passing through crowds or a narrow trail (in which case we just shorten the leash by holding it closer temporarily, or just grabbing her harness). 

Anyway, in summary:

1. Consider not using a clicker, but I'm not sure that works for your case or what you're trying to achieve/train as all dogs and what works is different.
2. A waist lead is good, but for us, we've found using hands to guide our pup when there is a trigger is better. If you do go for a waist lead, the Ruffwear one works just fine for us and is fairly reasonably priced.Theoretically, businesses can still stay open without power/water?

I'm not disagreeing this isn't a good idea, I'm just wondering why fines aren't going to work or work in conjunction. I feel like every other enforcement in the world is a fine. Parking too long? Fine.

I think a lot should be done, but I'm surprised there's no ticketing/fining involved yet.My pup is 76 lbs, I use the ruffwear flat out leash for running: [https://ruffwear.com/collections/dog-leashes/products/flat-out-dog-leash](https://ruffwear.com/collections/dog-leashes/products/flat-out-dog-leash)

It can also be worn around your wrist for more control.

Overall, I find that a big part of helping manage my pup's reactivity is helping maneuver her with the leash (like gently guiding her away, keeping her close enough so I can get a treat to her nose if we've accidentally gone too close for verbal leave-its to work). I can never feel as effective with the waist belt/leash combo versus a handheld leash. I use a 4 foot leash, but I wish I had a 3 footer for better maneuverability.

So the waist belt is only for running with my pup, otherwise I'm always using a regular leash held by my hand. 

This is how I do it:

* Leash is on the right hand, dog always walks on my left, leash goes behind my legs and she heels with her head right next to my left hip.
* Clicker is around my right wrist, and I can use it with my leash hand, though if I need, I can drop the clicker (while it's still around my wrist) and use my full right hand to maneuver the leash. I've resorted lately to just using my voice as a marker ('yes') and don't bring the clicker around anymore.
* I have my treat pouch on my left side, near her head while she's heeling. This hand is the one that dishes out treats. She often boops my hand to ask for more, or if she's feeling nervous she will boop my left hand for guidance (or treats, since she's used to getting hot dogs and cheese when a trigger is present, though of course below threshold).
* Treat pouch is divided between kibble (lowest value), string cheese stick ready for me to break bits off, and an extra bag of hot dog bits (for when I really need to get her attention). Our value goes lowest to highest: kibble, regular training treats, cheese, hot dogs.I don't disagree, but aren't they staying open because they want continued revenue and are pretty much greedy? If you start fining them immediately, they will lose incentive to stay open and close. What if these businesses don't need water/power to technically stay open and are assholes to try to squeeze anything out. Like run a power generator, just keep the blinds open, it could be a retail store so they don't need to wash hands.

And is it that immediate to shut power/water to specific businesses? You would still need to make your rounds to check, why not also just fine the crap out of them too?So are you saying that they will continue to stay open because they have a chance to avoid a fine? I guess this is a good argument, but let's assume every non-essential business is fined that stays open. Isn't that going to work? I can't imagine why it's not painful to get fined. I agree it's painful to lose power/water, but you lose all incentive to keep open if you're not making money anyway and you're killing people.Same argument can be made for shutting off water/power. I might have to respond to everyone about this, but isn't one of the reasons assholes are staying open when they're not essential, is because they want revenue? If there are fines, that just defeats the purpose.

What if these places still run without water? That's even worse. If they're ignoring dying people, I don't see it being much worse to just not wash hands, especially if it's just like retail or something like that.Coincidentally, chrome deleted cars are the only ones I've bought.

I bought my 2014 Audi S5 because there was a "titanium" or black edition, where there is no chrome by default, and the wheels are dark grey. It's beautiful.

Now the Model Y, that comes without chrome!

It's weird to call it "chrome delete," since it never had chrome that was removed. But I get it.There is a lot of back peddling sometimes. A few tips:

1. After a setback, give her 3 days to reset. If you don't give her a fair chance to clear her cortisol and start again, she's never going to progress. One setback with a nice buffer of time to reset is almost nothing. But one setback after another, where her stress bucket is never clear, is going to spiral backwards big time.
2. Find her threshold! Thresholds change constantly, from one moment to another. You need to perfect the ability to read her body language and teach yourself a lot of techniques to get OUT of possible triggers and setbacks. It's not easy, but I found that having a toolset that helped me out of a lot of situations really helped her out as well. Throughout I can tell how nervous or relaxed she was in different situations, and navigate around how she feels. Keep under threshold, which means you are constantly successful. Once you've gone over, which will happen once in awhile, go back to #1 and destress. Give her a fair chance and set her up for success.
3. Timeouts -- timeouts was a huge tool for us. We only did positive reinforcement, but with one correction, leaving the room or leaving her in a bathroom (for example). This also only worked once we got past the "deathly afraid" reactivity to the "demand barking," reaction where she was no longer that afraid, but confident enough to try to tell the person to stop being scary. Once our behaviorist saw that she had transitioned from being extremely scared, to just reacting in a demanding way, she said we were ready to try a timeout. For our pup, timeouts are very effective at communicating that she was persistently doing something we didn't need her to be doing. The way that we do it is we give her two warnings, "oopsie" was the word. Usually she'll stop within the first oopsie, but if she persists, I pick up all 75lbs of her and I take her to the bathroom and leave her in there by herself for about 30 seconds. When she comes back out, she'll try to process the situation rather than trying to control everything. This was the big turning point for her barking at my niece and nephews, as well as the adults in the room (who she totally knows, she just wasn't thinking). One timeout, and she started sniffing, watching, and processing rather than simply reacting. I helped her, i called her away from scary situations (like the kids jumping and throwing things) and walked with her around well below threshold. 24 hours later, she was in love with the kids. She would roll over for them, lick their faces, chase them around the house playfully, and nap in their rooms. This was the turning point, after tons of conditioning and helping her understand that she needed to process instead of reacting.

Hope that helps!Puppies can develop reactivity out of nowhere, not always because of a direct incident. And maybe it was, but nobody noticed (not even the puppy maybe).

I think it's hard to describe exactly how we handled the reactivity, and I think if you're looking for one easy trick, it doesn't exist. This was why our journey was so incredibly hard, it was almost a full year of work to get to where we are, and it's still not perfect (though I can see the light!).

Generally, we followed BAT 2.0 by Grisha Stewart [https://grishastewart.com/bat-overview/](https://grishastewart.com/bat-overview/)

You'll learn a lot about your puppy's reactivity and using her guide, you can really help him figure it out. It's not a recipe, it's more of a guideline of how to read your puppy's unique characteristics and how to help them in a very positive way. It's mostly counter conditioning in various ways. Counter conditioning, in my opinion, is very effective in the long run, but it takes a long long time and it can be a rollercoaster.

Start with BAT 2.0, that will really help you get started. Talk to a behaviorist for more acute or difficult things. And of course, check out r/reactivedogs for a ton of guidelines and community help. I spend almost 80% of my time on reddit at that sub.Your situation is probably slightly different than our initial fear. Initial fear was better after she realized our home was her home and a safe place. She started bonding hard with me and my fiance. I work from home and she literally never left my side for at least a month (that was tough for me), and the only isolation was in a crate which was always near or in the same room as me. As she became comfortable at home, she became bolder in general. We did a lot of socialization with strangers and dogs. After a fun play session with a puppy, we could see her confidence skyrocket for a day at least.

Puppy confidence fluctuates, so don't expect it to be a smooth curve. Some days, or weeks, will be harder than others. It's usually because something was overwhelming, even if you as the human didn't notice, or that too many things became too overwhelming, and now your puppy's stress bucket is full and now they are fearful.

I would suggest paying a lot of attention to your puppy's stress levels. If she starts showing a generalized fear or nervousness, give her a day or two to destress at home before trying again. Giving my puppy time to destress was one of the best tools we had to progress forward after a trigger or after she was just overwhelmed. This might be a good thing to read if you haven't read about stuff like this already: [https://absolute-dogs.com/blogs/news/the-number-one-dog-ownership-myth-that-might-be-harming-your-dog](https://absolute-dogs.com/blogs/news/the-number-one-dog-ownership-myth-that-might-be-harming-your-dog)

Hope that helps!I used to want people to see how amazingly sweet and loving my pup was, but then I gave up that dream. It wasn't because it's not what I want, it just seemed like I was constantly failing if that was the goal. What I wanted was to be succeeding even from the start. What does that mean? Yes, setbacks happen, but when your goal is for your dog to love strangers, that one setback is HUGE, because that's the only thing you're looking at in this lonely empty room of progress.

My goal became: I want to be able to manage my dog's fears, so she feels comfortable in public.

* I had to learn very specifically how much downtime she needed between triggers to de-stress/release cortisol to give her a fair chance. 
* I had to learn what to do in order to avoid all those triggers, and always assuming she is at her tipping point in stress every time so I don't force her over the threshold by accident.
* I focused completely on how to make her feel safe and comfortable

The result I was hoping for was that she would just be aloof to strangers at least, and not reactive. That she would look to me for direction and I would be so well practiced that in stressful situations for her, I could guide her out easily and in a routine way that she knew.

When we got a trigger, she would quickly look at me before looking back, and I had that small half second to start us in the motion that she could be familiar with as an exit for the fear. This includes celebratory sweet words and gently leading her away making the situation seem totally normal and happy. I always have a treat pouch on me with cheese, hot dogs, and a trial mix of treats (used in varying levels of need), which she gets a lot of once we escaped her threshold and got the distance she needed.

If I missed that small window of opportunity, it was OK. It was just too much, not her fault, maybe not even mine, we just didn't catch it in time. It's not a setback, we just missed it, and we can never be perfect. No problem, let's just rest for 3 days without any risk of exposure to triggers and try again.

Over time, this mindset really helped me mentally. Always problem solving better and better ways to maneuver and manage situations. Ultimately, I have an amazing artillery of things I can do in so many given moments. Of course, we don't have every scenario figured out, but damn we got so good. That was the goal.

OK, so about a year later, my pup has come a long way and it's been dramatic. Aloof to strangers, no longer reactive first to the sights of kids, she's actually very sweet to some strangers in certain situations now, she happily plays with my niece and nephews completely relaxed (I still watch her, but she's 100% ok with them now). Things just progressed beyond even my worst-case scenario goal and is getting better.

I know you want everyone to know how awesome your dog is. Setbacks are nothing. Keep working on yourself, your ability to help your pup, and he is going to follow your lead.

It's not easy. I'm not even sure if this approach works for everyone or you specifically, bu thopefully it's helpful.Yeah, I have always had black cars (5 of them in the past), and currently own a black one. I know what you mean though, but it's worth it for me.

I have a garage, my cars are usually fully wrapped in XPEL ultimate so I can just take a car duster brush to it every day, and I don't mind giving it a wash every week or two (or I've gotten used to it).

I currently own a Subaru that's black, but I think Subaru's are supposed to be dirty all the time, so I only wash it once a year, if that haha.I currently use the Travall guard for my Subaru Outback, mostly to keep the pup from constantly licking the back seat passengers for long trips, and also from flying through the front windshield in an accident (I know it's not enough for all situations, but it's something).

I'm hoping they'll make one specifically for the MY at some point. What other dog things do you guys plan on getting for the car?Yeah, it sounds like you need the backseat folded for the noodlehorse, but he does seem like a long noodle =)

I almost never have 4 people in the car, with the backseat reserved for dog hair and a rolled up windshield sun screen, so I think I could probably spare at least one of the seats. But perhaps she'll be just fine for most trips. If we go on a 6+ hour trip, I'd probably stop plenty for her to stretch her legs and to charge the car.Also, look at what thehikerpup (on instagram) has done with her pups and her client's pups with R+.

That's her method of choice, and she works with a lot of different dogs, including very independent to very high drive.

I've met her and her dogs in real life, and I can attest to how engaged they are with her with pure affection. It wasn't easy, but she's probably the one person I can think of that has an absolute rock-solid recall/llw/heel with her adolescent intact border collie.I started at 8 weeks old, and my pup is now 15 months old, and she has reliable loose-leash with only R+. She's still a work in progress, so I don't let her off leash. While at off-leash parks, we do a lot of training with distractions, and she's completely in control.

This is us working with her from 8 weeks, every day, twice a day (sometimes three, depending on how many walks she gets), and always being consistent.

She's now 75 lbs, and not a puller at all. Sure, sometimes she'll want to go after the squirrel that runs across our path, but I can recall her just as quickly.

We've been open to things like prong/e-collar etc., but incredibly we've managed. When she hit adolescence, a lot of things broke, but we also started getting complacent. Just going back and doubling down on training, practice, and incorporating training into play, she's totally back with just R+.

The correction that has really helped us has been timeouts. We just leave the room at home with the "too bad" word. It's the absolute worst thing for her in the world. She would probably claim it's abuse if she could talk. We're trying this outdoors, and while the effect isn't as big, she gets it's a timeout with the same word. We basically hold her tightly near a boring wall/tree etc. if she's too persistent with something like pulling.My dog loves to eat other dog poop. I hate it so much. We do our best to train her, but literally everytime she gets a taste, she's self rewarding and it's 100 steps back. We have to avoid going to her favorite places because of it, and now we're muzzle training her so she won't eat dog poop.

It's the biggest pain in the ass, and I won't pretend I don't curse out the damn human who missed their dog's fresh pile of shit. I am so vigilant and am always watching my dog, I have NEVER missed a poop. Once I ran out of bags, so I ran back to my house and came back to pick it up.

Nobody is perfect, but when you're struggling with poop eater who has gotten giardiasis three times now, it becomes a really big deal.

Be considerate not only to people who step on it, but all the dog owners struggling. Think of us. Please. So we can go back to these beautiful places and play with our dog.Tell her what happened, just don't give your own opinion/analysis of it all.

Just say that the man took the dog out and asked for the dogs to meet, but you suggested it wasn't a good idea on leash and it didn't happen. Say it's fine, and he didn't pursue it, but maybe you can make it sound like you wanted to apologize if you sounded rude to him, and was hoping your neighbor could explain it.I had to enforce naps in a crate, otherwise my pup would not stop terrorizing everything. She would fall asleep fairly quickly in the crate, and it worked well for potty training. She was rock solid at 4 months old.

So do what works for you! Crate training to love the crate during the day is as good as any opportunity to work on that. The nice thing about the crate is you can get some time to not constantly look for the pup. I took those opportunities to take naps, shower, cook food, etc.

Training amount depends on the dog. You do NOT want to push the pup to where he doesn't want to train anymore, that kills the mood. Training should always be tons of fun, stop before he does. So you'll have to watch. See when his enthusiasm starts to wane. It changes each training session. I'd recommend starting super slow, and pushing it as you can read his body language. I wouldn't train over 15 minutes though, just in case. My pup was able to do 15 to 25 minutes in her first few months with us, three times a day, and she is a high energy working breed.

Training is a great time to bond, and it doesn't have to be rigorous drills. Simple "sits" are fine, but also waiting to go through doors, "look at me" eye contact, playing with a toy and training "drop-it," while also giving it back and all those toy resource-guarding training, etc. There are a lot of subtle "training" things you can do that translate to polite behavior. I'd also suggest using Learn to Earn method by Sophia Yin. We only fed our puppy through training with her kibble, and it really helped her understand that she has to earn every piece of food, nothing is free. At 13 months, she's super attentive to me, and always wants to do the right thing. She always asks, and I think her politeness is really attributed to that.I think you feel stressed because you care so much. Just remember, we don't have dogs because they are puppy terrors forever.

I approached a puppy knowing I would have ZERO life for at least the first month or more. In fact, I was ready to just be a slave to every need until my puppy felt safe and bonded. So really, puppy blues wasn't too bad. Everyone is still alive and happy 12 months after picking her up.

Just don't expect much, your life is basically your puppy for a bit. It's hard work but really, nobody is in danger, the world will go on, friends/family are still there, just keep eating/drinking water and resting when you can.

Here's how I coped:

1. Schedule. 2-3 hours enforced naps in a crate, then potty break and training/play for 30-45 minutes, repeat.
2. While puppy naps: I will eat, drink water, nap, work, exercise, and bring her little crate into whatever room I'm in.

Just look forward to those naps, and enforce those naps. Then those inbetween times are going to be great.Similar setup with us, but one day, at 11 months old, she decided she hated the crate (went from loving it, to instantly hating it). I didn't want to force her into the crate, because it should be a good place, so gave up and let her free roam when I left. The puppy cam showed a perfectly well behaved sleeping pup. It's been great ever since, and she is almost never crated now.

We have to slowly work her back into loving the crate with crate games. I think she's really particular about the crate pad we have in there, which might be the big problem.Sounds like resource guarding behavior. Sometimes the pup doesn't even know it. First thing is to stop playing with ONE toy with them, and separate when eating / treating. The more they practice resource guarding, the more it works and the more they will use it.

This probably started showing itself because of Captian not having his needs met. If he was well stimulated, this may never had shown itself, but we can't always be perfect.

I'm not an expert, but I suspect the order of things is: 1. get the dog some regular stimulation somehow, 2. remove all possible resources, 3. start working on resource guarding (playing with two toys in two different rooms, so they understand that their toy isn't in danger, and ultimately taking turns)My pup is 1 year old now, and has had giardiasis twice now, and maybe again. It could be from a not-thorough-enough cleaning, or that she loves eating poop and drinking water from the dirtiest puddles found, and we visit a lot of areas with a lot of dogs.

I have no additional recommendations. We did everything. Cleaning everything like you did, daily. Washed her many times during the week. Panacur and some antibiotics. 

But still, giardiasis. Over and over again.

I don't understand how nobody else's dogs get this. Maybe we're missing a very crucial thing in the house? Or maybe we're just spending too much time outside near other dogs.That's really nice! We have played with dobermans as well, and they are such clumsy goofballs as puppies, but we've been lucky that the owners have all been so good with their pups. My pup is pretty big compared to other puppies, so sometimes we also have a harness and a 2' lead on her. The 2' leads are sometimes called traffic leads, because you use them when there's a huge crowd you need to get through by keeping the pup close. We just use it because it's just short enough to not drag on the ground, and we can help step in when playing with smaller puppies if needed.Yeah, she has a rock solid place command. I can actually ask her to stay in any arbitrary place (mat, bench, towel, etc) for an hour. I guess my question is more about if she's napping and not "working," should I train her to understand she's only supposed to be laying on her designated spots? Or is that kind of terrible?

EDIT: having her stay in place for an HOUR is only on occasion, and I give her A LOT of breaks. I lead her away, I let her stretch, I throw a ball, I let her drink water, give her a treat, and then it's back on the mat. So it's not a never moving 1 hour.You already know this, but here's another upvote for you doing the absolute right thing. Being a foster doesn't mean you are signing up to get dumped on. I don't think that's at all what you are signing up for, or should sign up for. So it's totally the right thing to do.

I do hope you follow up with the organization about it to let them know what happened and why you decided not to do it. If they're a good org, they'll figure it out and hopefully you'll have another chance with them, but in a much better situation.

Wanting a dependable person who sticks to what they say they are going to do, and asking for a morning meet is simple and should not be at all a problem!1. Forbid (sprinkle in food daily) -- this makes it awful smelling/tasting for dogs. You can get it on Amazon.
2. After the poop is done, scatter treats AWAY from his poop and say: "FIND IT!"
3. Always take him out for a poop while on leash.

This only works, obviously, if he's not pooping on his own unsupervised. But the forbid should help a little.I really don't get why people think Huskies are like wolves and get them because they want a "dire wolf." They don't look like wolves!! They have these sweet faces with smiles on them, kind of derpy, and want to pull things all day long.

The thing I hate most is when people laugh at me for my dog thinking I got her because of that show. AGAIN, she just has pointy ears and isn't a little pug, so of course I bought her because she looks like Ghost? Weird.OMG I'm so sorry. That is scary. It's awful of that driver. A car is a deadly weapon, and if they were doing it on purpose that's assault with a deadly weapon!!

I'm really glad you were able to protect your pup and you are both safe. I know it sucks you didn't get the details of that person, but the most important thing is you're safe. Unfortunately that asshole is still out there.Sounds like resource guarding a location. I wonder if this would happen at your home as well. I think you would also find it interesting if new dogs were already there when your pup came over.

It takes a bit to work on, if it truly is that. We're working on that now for our pup, though it's people rather than dogs. Even people she knows, she gets really nervous with now.At about 18 weeks old we took our pup on a short hike. She was already going on walks around the neighborhood, so it wasn't much different except it's on a dirt path with a lot of fun things to sniff.

We were always wary of her joints and all that, but then at 6 months we started going on longer 2+ mile hikes. We took a lot of breaks, kept giving her water, and she has been fine. Her longest hike was about 4 miles long, and she's not a year old yet. That might be much, but we let her take a lot of breaks whenever she wants, and we slowly worked up to it. The trails are soft, not asphalt. And she goes at her own pace (which is usually way faster than I go anyway).

I think it's not a bad idea to keep it at a minimum, but you can let your pup lead it a bit. I'd still say try to minimize jumping.

Also, our pup recently needed an x-ray (got pneumonia, poor girl has a hard time panting and eating stuff at the same time, lol), and we had them check her growth plates/joints, and they all looked great despite the many hikes we have been doing.

Anyway, enough about my pup. I think you'll be fine with small hikes. Just do 1 mile for awhile, increase to 1.5, and so on. If my pup takes a break, I know we pushed her a bit too much. I think it's best to cut it off before the pup takes a break themselves. So watch for that as a sign of how far you should go. That being said, a lot of factors play into that, like temperature.Our pup is finally going through her first heat at 11-months old. For so long I thought it was going to happen, and it never did. I kept thinking it was a "quiet" one, and we missed it (thank goodness), but the vet kept saying she hadn't had it yet.

OK, so now that it's going on, there is NO MISTAKING WHAT IS HAPPENING. Like others have said, swollen vulva means it is SWOLLEN, you won't miss it. Nipples, also way bigger, pinker, and probably more sensitive so don't go rubbing their stomachs as vigourously.

Also, blood everywhere. On the walls, on the beds, on the sidewalk. At first it was a little spotting, so we thought it would be a mild one. Nope. Two weeks later, full on gore horror movie. Diapers and human feminine pads were needed and switched out multiple times a day. We're at week 5, and it's still happening.

I mean, all dogs are different, but I think you'll know. And if it's a quiet one, great. But physically, I think you're going to be able to tell at least with nipples/vulva.So interesting! So am I reading this right: it's not necessary to make it a constant routine to be in a crate? In fact that might make it worse?

Kea loves routine, like when she knows what to do she is just SOOOOO excited. Like the crate! We would do a training session, and then let her settle in the crate with her kong stuffed with the remainder of her food and some yogurt/pb. I would start preparing the kong and she would run into the crate and wait for me. So this has been really weird.

Do you think we would reinforce this behavior by just leaving her out of the crate for awhile? I'm willing to let her wade in some confusion for awhile, as long as we can get her to love the crate again. I really really hope we can get her to associate it positively.

If this is the case, I think what I'll do is:

1. Start letting her free roam in her "room." All the redirecting as a puppy somehow worked, like she won't even go for socks anymore (I didn't think I'd see the day). But I'll be extra careful and not take any chances by clearing it.  
2. I won't even give her commands to go in for awhile. I won't even tempt her with treats. It'll be there, but she will never be asked to go in.  
3. After a week or so, I'll start putting a high value treat in the opening. If I see her going for it, I will give her a lot of celebration and more treats by hand (not in the crate). 
4. Ultimately we'll get back to playing crate games and re-associating it as a good place that I'm never going to force her into.

She really used to love it, that was clear. So hopefully she's not broken from the crate forever.Yeah I've been trying to figure out what's causing it. There's a few possibilities:
1. We had a few earthquakes recently
2. We have crazy winds and fires all over (northern california) so it's smokey and hot
3. She's in the middle of her first heat (spay will happen in december after she turns 1 year old), she used to be scared of the velcro on her diaper, but maybe when she lay in there with it on, the velcro made a noise. But now she's fine with the velcro noise (I always gave her a ton of cheese when taking it off)
4. Recently we've been letting her out of the crate right after she finishes a kong. The other day she made a small polite noise to let us know she was done, but she wasn't. Rushed out of the crate with it in her mouth and finished it outside the crate. She did this twice and now I think she realizes she doesn't have to be in there to eat.

I wonder if she's just being OVER dramatic about it. She is an insanely smart dog, and she is in adolescence right now. She can learn a trick through luring almost immediately, she's used to doing a lot of self-shaping (we let her experiment with something and when she gets it we mark and treat, she loves it). I think she's trying to figure out what will keep us from putting her in the crate now?Yes, my fiance also, but we never punish her for anything. The only punishment is time-outs in the puppy room when she used to mouth us, but that worked instantly and we've never needed it since like 12 weeks old. Time-outs were NEVER in the crate.

We decided to not let her free roam when we're not home. We're happy to be convinced otherwise, but there's a bunch of reasons and personal preference. I can get into that later, as some others have talked about it.

Yeah, I agree, forcing her in is definitely going to be bad. I just don't have an alternative, and letting her get away with it is just reinforcing this dramatic behavior.Thanks!

About the people stopping to say hi: I don't need them to say hi, but I can't walk without people getting barked at when they stop now. I'm a pretty considerate person, and I feel terrible that my dog is doing that. Makes me hate going places by foot.

And yeah, the other stuff we're managing a lot. We're doing a ton of work with behaviorists to get this figured out, so it's not a forever thing, just a sucks right now thing. I don't know if we'll ever get there, but she's young, so I'm hoping it'll work out in the long run.

At my family's, it's a muzzle and lots of baby gates this thanksgiving. I hope it goes well. 

Thanks for the thoughts!1. Set it up so you do NOT have any distractions (find a new playground)
2. Are you working on counter conditioning? You should be using SUPER high value treats other than kibble. I know kibble works for training, but you are conditioning the trigger of kids as a marker for HOT DOGS. You want your pup to think: kids = hot dogs. And eventually when they see kids, they get excited. pavlov.
3. If a dog approaches, and it's not an off-leash area, I think you are totally in the right to ask the owner to not let their dog approach. I usually yell: "MY DOG IS SICK AND CONTAGIOUS." That'll work every time.

Also, I've learned it's bad practice to bring treats to a dog park. People with dogs that are used to demanding treats will just jump at you and try to get into your treat pouch. I've taken my dog twice to a dog park (and never again) when it was very empty and we wanted to try it out. But every time, dogs rush at me and jump all over me for treats. Some, however, will sit nicely and beg rather than demand, but you can't count on it.

Here are our rules of where to work on counter conditioning:

1. A place where it's VERY easy to get distance from the kids
2. A place where NOTHING can sneak up on us
3. A place where we can escape from when it's too much, such as being able to duck behind a bush or a car when we need to get away
4. A place where we can vary our distance quite a bit if needed
5. A place where there's fewer kids, like one or two kids running through a field of grass, rather than a playground full of them, their parents, dogs, and so on. The most ideal is one or two kids running around with very few other things around them
6. If the parents look at you, just announce: "my dog is scared of kids. She is still learning that kids are safe! we're just hanging out so she can watch them." I have to do this sometimes. It helps parents potentially control their kids from running at us, it helps parents not think I'm a creepy dude watching their kids.

Hope that helps.It's been really debunked that there is a dominance thing with dogs, especially pets. I don't think that has anything to do with it. Leaders, however, yes. Strong leaders are looked up to by dogs. But again, that doesn't mean they would or would not bite because you're not a "leader." Anyway, usually strong leaders know how to communicate with the pups, aren't confusing, and are consistent so the dogs feel really confident following commands and generally being more engaged. Nothing to do with aggressiveness.

I think you need to talk to the behaviorist. They are experts, and they will be able to help you with your dog in his unique way.

How to feel safe? Like everyone else says, get a basket muzzle, and do a ton of muzzle training. With the right training, your pup will like the muzzle and not be worried about it being on. Then you can happily go about the regular dog things while you work on what's going on with your behaviorist.

I can't pretend it isn't scary or simple, but there's really no better way. I feel for you, and I'm so sorry this happened. But you can get through it, and the process seems to already be on its way.

Do the muzzle, it will help so much.I think it's wrong to call it a "bad habit" of pulling. What's really happening is the pulling is self rewarding. When she pulls, she gets to the place. If you understand that, you can practice that pulling means the opposite, and that to get to what she wants, she needs to ask for it. Our pup is 11 months, and has learned that pulling means a dead stop, and a nice heel-sit will reset us on the right path. A prong-collar could work, but this doesn't seem un-fixable with the proper setup and practice.

Jumping is another self-rewarding thing. Someone pets her, it gets your attention, it works. Again, you have to think of removing the reward. Easy, you just need to set up the training sessions. One way that worked for us, one handler has the dog on a leash, and the other person who is coming to greet will walk up to the dog. As soon as the dog is sitting, you approach, if she jumps up, turn around and walk away, repeat until the dog stays seated. You can encourage sitting with a high value treat to her nose and a sit command with the oncoming person far enough away, and that'll give her the understanding that she needs to sit. Jumping or getting out of a sit removes the reward.

These things are totally fixable. They're not bad habits. You just need to setup the time to train.

I work on loose-leash walks at least twice a day, every day. We work on impulse control at least that many times a day, if not more. Impulse control for waiting to go through doors, impulse control for fetching a ball (so she waits until I release to go get the ball), and more. So it's just natural to wait. Same with greeting people. We were consistent, and it worked.

Your post is loaded with questions, but here's another thing for kids: Puppies are exactly a bad match for young kids, because they cannot control themselves as well as older dogs. They could just be running and would bump into a dog. It's your responsibility to teach pups how to be polite, and you can start now. Start with the no-jumping training. Then rewarding for calm behaviors and timeouts for the opposite. Be clear, consistent, and take the time.

&#x200B;

You can "need her to be careful," all you want, but it's absolutely up to you to communicate and help her understand what that is. Dogs cannot understand our language or reasoning, but they want to do the right thing. It's up to us to teach that to them. Take the time, it actually works. All the other dogs out there that don't jump? They worked their asses off to make it happen. Especially the big ones.

&#x200B;

Good luck!I've recently realized that the roller coaster of ups and downs is almost always directly correlated to my pup's stress bucket level. When she has had at least two full days without any triggers, and a lot of confidence-building activities (like playing with her pup friends), I see the progress when working on her reactivity. But when we push her a little too quickly, it feels like a step back. In reality, she's progressing, but we're not measuring her progress fairly unless we look at how much confidence she has at that moment and if she's had ample time for the cortisol to empty out.

Be intentional about those things, and I think it'll really help you feel the progress. It's kind of like enforced naps for a little puppy going a long way.Yeah, we take a lot of "no stress" days too, A LOT. Especially after working on controlled CC sessions with our behaviorist. Those are nice, but I also get a bit of cabin fever. Like, we only hang out in the back yard and play, and we do a lot of fun stuff around the house, but all of that is exhausting. Mentally and physically stimulating a pup 1 on 1 the whole time is sometimes worse than going on a fun walk around the neighborhood, or on those beautiful hikes nearby that sometimes have kids and strangers. I think our pup is too high energy to just sit around and do nothing. We do used to enforce naps, though now she takes them herself, but otherwise she's READY. I think I need to take breaks from our "breaks" too.OK, I hope my budget can still afford to get a session in with the vet behaviorist. The really good one near us is super pricey for the consult, but I'm sure it's needed and worth it. I may need to pause on the behaviorist for a bit and use that for the vet behaviorist consults. Eh, not sure why I'm complaining about that here, but it has been quite a problem. I'm sure I can afford having a dog! But then you get hit with thousands of dollars of behaviorist bills, and then it's like... "er holy cow, I didn't think of behaviorist expenses long term."Thanks for your response!

We've done two different types of setups, one for strangers stopping on the street, and more recently, resource guarding the house.

Strangers stopping:
- 5 sessions, each one progressively harder or easier depending on the previous session and how she was that day.
1. Stranger stopping pretty far away, not talking. We tried different distances to gauge her threshold. When the stranger would stop, Kea would get alert, and I would say "YES!" and give her super high value treats (human hot dog slices, she got a bit chubs from all the hot dogs over time haha). Then I would leader her away from the trigger with hot dogs and back to the house. We would spend about 5 minutes in the yard playing tug. We repeated this about 5 times and then I would give her a kong in the house and let her destress for 3 days before our next session.
2. This second one we tried going around the trigger. So instead of a u-turn, I would give kea treats as we walked by. We would get tons of space, go way out into the street and even around a parked car (putting car between us and trigger). So it was basically practicing another way of avoiding the trigger. She did well.
3. We had two different strangers, repeated a lot of the stuff above.
4. We incorporated a cane (friendly elderly people in my neighborhood creep Kea out, and they love to stop and chat, of course with good intention). We also tried talking, reaching for pets, etc. 
5. More of the same. Then we started witching gears to resource guarding the house.

Resource guarding house:
1. Knock on the door meant treats.
2. Knock on the door we would practice a down stay in the back room. If she was quiet, I would walk to the door and the "stranger" would toss treats in. If she wasn't quiet, we would restart. She learned quickly that staying in the down stay and being quiet meant treats near the door. She was pretty bad at this.
3. Practiced #2 again. This time she was much better, but got a little too messy after a few repetitions. We ended up just doing door knocks and having Kea hold a downstay with me in the room for 4 minutes at a time.
4. Practiced #2 again, this time with the behaviorist coming in and throwing treats in the door and leaving. We would cancel and restart if Kea ever made a noise or jumped on the gate. We decided that holding the down stay wasn't going to be possible through it all, just yet. She started getting very excited, rather than guardy.
5. Holy crap, this session we just had went so well. Kea was on lock down for 5 days, meaning zero guests came over, no triggers, and plenty of doggie playdates with friends and exercise in the yard. The behaviorist was able to walk into the house, up to where Kea was holding a downstay, and toss her treats. Kea was whiny, but not barking or scared. She was a tiny bit nervous, but more excited about the treats than anything.
6. Not sure how we're going to do it, but it's coming up on Friday.

Anyway, each repetition of what we do, our behaviorist takes careful notes, adjusts, and proceeds. Sometimes we just cut it short because Kea is just a bit too nuts, or at least we make it SUPER easy. Then after the session, the behaviorist goes back and analyzes how it all went, and makes a few plans for the next session, depending on how she's doing that day.

While we see some progress, just a few months of these sessions isn't going to cure her, but I can't see a better way to do it, and I don't know if there's any faster way to do it either. I don't mind, I just want to make sure we're doing what's right. And the other big concern is Kea picking up new reactivities, and this just becoming an endless thing. It's like a todo list that keeps growing, with each item taking years to complete, or at least make satisfactory.

I don't need Kea to love strangers, I just don't want her to be scared and reactive to them in every situation. Even better is if she can look to me to get instruction on how to react, which will be mostly me saying: "it's ok, it's just a harmless kid" and protecting her from the kid approaching.

Anyway, thought I would respond to that publicly first, maybe it's helpful for others, but I'll PM you to talk about specific people. Thanks!Yeah my breeder is here in the US. I looked at probably all the breeders, this one was pretty great and I felt very comfortable especially after visiting a few times in person. They have no white GSD in their lines. They've been breeding WSS for a very long time. Kea's sire is actually from Russia that was brought over to add more to their line of pups. They have always been focused on balanced temperaments and health. I met the grandfather, aunts, the mother, and a lot of half siblings. They were all so gentle, soft, and sweet, every time. I see that in Kea now, though not to strangers and kids. The breeder has two children as well, and the pups seem fine with them, and Kea even played with them before we took her back with us. Kea was the confident one of the litter early on. The pups seemed to follow her lead. She would go lay down on a bed, they would all follow. She wasn't the one to run super far from a sound or shape, but would start, then return to investigate quickly. Turning her over, picking her up, always calm. Turning her over she was a little wiggly, but would quickly relax. She was the first to run up and down the stairs on her own, and the first to learn to escaped the welping box. But when we brought her home, the change of environment really changed her I guess.

And yeah, real service dogs. Everything from guide dogs, to dogs that can detect health related changes rapidly, to therapy-type of service dogs, going through legit service programs. 

Breeder was brainstorming. We had talked about all sorts of stuff we have been doing, and one constant that never changed was me. I was always around. She wondered what it would be like if I wasn't there, and if that would be helpful during counter conditioning. She suggested talking to the behaviorists and board/trains about it, but wasn't like: "this is how it will be fixed." She's genuinely concerned and hopes that we can figure out a solution so this doesn't keep getting worse. The board/train she's familiar with uses a few different methods depending on the dogs, but of course I would hope they could uniquely identify how to work with ours if it came to that.

She actually bounces back from fears quickly. I have actually seen more success after ensuring her cortisol/stress buckets are COMPLETELY clear before trying again, and that has helped. She can become relaxed after just a few minutes (or so it seems), and does fairly well in similar situations 24 hours later, but I still don't think that's enough time to give her a fair chance to completely get back to a good place for ultimate success in another session of CC. So I think maybe the fact that she bounces back quickly, I have gotten the wrong impression that she's totally ready to take something on.

Scary sounds she'll be startled, but quickly wants to investigate. She used to be scared of tree stumps and chairs outside. She'd see it, freak out for a second and give some warning barks, then walk up to it cautiously. 

Triggers she usually calms down fairly quickly after getting some distance, though of course her triggers were stacking, but she could continue doing heels, sitting at curbs, and sniffing for fun. 

But I think I agree, a board and train or other aversive methods doesn't seem to be right for her. She is pretty soft, especially in the way that she's so in tune with me that she needs very little to understand what's up. In the same way, I'm sure she can feed off my alertness or stress, no matter how much I try to hide it or however calm I am. Just the other day I was having her hold a "wait," but I suddenly got a muscle cramp in my ab that was paralyzingly painful. I slowly lay down and she rushed to me wimpering, put her head on me, and totally didn't take the juicy treat that was inches from her nose earlier. Ugh, it was adorable. Also clear why so many of her half silblings and such go on to do a lot of health-alert service work.

Anyway, I think I'll continue working with our behaviorist the way we are, and I'll be very intentional with giving her A TON of downtime to rest/destress, and play more confidence building games, and setup even more puppy playdates with her best friends in the yard. We're also going to talk to the vet again to get some thoughts on trying different medications, or if staying the course is a good idea.

Thanks so much, I really appreciate your thoughts!That's wonderful! It could also be a ton of hormones kicking in different ways as well.

We have a white swiss shep girl that's 10.5 months now. She was a non-reactive dog until she hit about 5 months, then it snowballed from there. So I guess we've had the opposite =X

It's been worse since she entered her first heat the last week, but we've been doing tons of BAT conditioning for 5 months now, and I will be so thankful if we ever get a flip.

That all being said, don't stop counter conditioning. Now is the BEST time to really drill it home that triggers are totally good things. Since her threshold is pretty high, take advantage of that. You never know, once she hits her heat or more teenagery phases it could come back, so get what behavior training you can in now.

Other things: 1. she was sick/feeling bad before and that thing has passed so she isn't so alert, 2. your counter conditioning worked. These shepherds are smart, once they catch on over time, the progress is quick. If they're over threshold, it's hard for them to catch on, but enough times you'll accidentally get your pup to learn something and then they'll figure it all out, 3. You may have slightly adjusted and didn't notice, and that really got her to realize what was up.

And yeah, we have a white swiss shep from a breeder with incredible lineage, titles, and basically no other cases of reactivity, especially in pups, so we kind of won the bad genetic lottery here somehow. She's reactive to strangers, kids. But amazingly no issues with anything else so far.I need to talk to my vet again, but I think we need to start looking at other types of meds. Other than a ton of work with our behaviorist etc., I believe our pup is starting to to snowball with more reactivity out of nowhere, and I'm hoping different meds might help.

We're on 60mg of fluoxetine, and going from 40 to 60 didn't seem to help much. How do you guys think clonidine and paxil differ from fluoxetine? How about clomicalm?

I think we definitely need to consult with our vet, but would love to get your guys' thoughts on all the different types if you think that's at all helpful.You should talk with a vet or better, a veterinary behaviorist, but in my experience with our pup, fluoxetine helps with not developing new reactivities a little bit by making more situations a little less concerning, and if you can get your pup clear of cortisol and totally destressed, it is great for counter conditioning because you can keep your pup under threshold way better while doing it.

Trazodone has not worked well for us. We also tried gabapentin. Both just make our pup sleepier, not actually more relaxed. In fact, she's fighting the sleepiness so much, it makes her more nervous. She is quicker to react as I feel like it just shrinks her stress bucket since she can't deal with so much, and as a working dog (shepherd) like yours, a lot of what they can handle stress wise is directly proportional to how they feel and can manage. It may just be our pup, but just know that all these meds might not work the way you hope all the time.

That all being said, even on 60mg of fluoxetine, my pup has still started developing reactivity out of nowhere. There were some very very mild things that she wasn't totally relaxed about (nor was she nervous), that have flipped into full blown triggers. She's about 70 lbs now, and I have given up on trazodone and gabapentine. I think fluoxetine is helping a little, but I am wary about increasing the dose even more because we didn't really see a huge change from 40 to 60mg.Hello, I completely know what you're feeling right now. Damn it sucks so bad. 

Your pup wants to do the right thing, he really does. This whole thing with counter conditioning is basically trying to figure out how to communicate what's safe to our pups. It's not like a human where over time we can reason it out with words. Reactivity is just so difficult. The only way is for the pup to accidentally catch on to something with the repetition. I think once a dog has caught on, it's a QUICK progression. All the counter conditioning is just setting him/her up to start to get it. That's why being below threshold is so important, because once the pup is over that threshold, they won't learn anything.

I'm sure you know all that, but it's something I repeat to myself and feel is therapeutic writing out, and maybe another nice reminder?

Seeing progress or imagining a non-reactive dog seems impossible sometimes. I know. Sometimes I try to imagine it anyway, but realistically. Like in 5 years, if I keep this up with that much vigor, she's GOING TO GET IT. She must! I just have to get there. For her.Hi! Thank you. I think I've searched and found all of those options and I'll start reaching out.

Do you have any experience or know anyone specifically other than the SF SPCA doctors?

I think we'd like to get a second opinion on how we're working through our pup's fear (it seems to be snowballing very generally unfortunately now) and if there's a good way to proceed to see if medication would help.Right, I feel like we have a very solid grasp of how to manage her fears, and are constantly learning and able to help. Our problem right now is the generalization and snowballing of new reactivity she's picking up. Our behaviorists and others who know us well don't see us doing anything wrong that can be adjusted or needs to be taught. Knowing this, the board and train might not be the right solution.Thank you.

Our behaviorist isn't a veterinary behaviorist, but we work with her and our vet (who prescribed fluoxetine). I do think the fluoxetine worked a bit. We have also tried trazadone and gabapentin, but those seemed to just make her really sleepy and even more nervous because she's so sleepy. We used those with fluoxetine to help with her latest vet visits. One of her recent visits, she was so scared that she tried to run through the window to get away. It was heartbreaking.  With trazadone and gabapentine, she was just tired, but reacted probably quicker than trying to sort things out, but at least she was sedate enough to get follow up xrays that time (the vet and vet techs were so awesome and very very reassuring, which helped a lot this time).

I can ask the vet for more thoughts, but I think we need to find a veterinary behaviorist for more, as I suspect our vet isn't going to be able to adjust meds as well as a behaviorist would be at this point.Hah! Don't correct your pup. They have no idea what's happening, and you're going to do more harm than anything by correcting something like this. In fact, I'm not even sure a pup this age needs correction as so much as guidance/redirection/reinforcement/conditioning.

I'm surprised you're not used to this sound yet. By 6 months, the scream yawns and the mariah carey range of wimper sounds became a way of life. Those who don't know shepherds always point it out, and I barely register the dramatic sounds anymore.

I think it's rather great that a dog communicates so vocally. I've become really in tune to what different sounds mean. She has so many different types of barks (unfortunately I've heard them all), wimpers, whines, and other noises. I know when she's nervous, excited, FOMO'ing, hungry, needing to poo, needing to pee (yes they are different noises believe it or not), scared, protective, and even protective but questioning whether it warrants protection.

My favorite is the quiet little piglet grunts when greeting me in the mornings with her chin tucked and ears flat. She runs her head into me and pushes while grunting. That is the best.See, I'm not entirely convinced this "jolt" works. But it could. There are times my pup is totally distracted, doing a different, more important, job. But very little is more important than barking at the stranger who stops and stares.

A simple heel/sit isn't enough, but I've seen jobs that are better, such as we often try to meet my fiance on her way home after work. My pup just laser focuses on finding her, and no matter what kid runs up, if she spots my fiance, nothing is more important than sitting and waiting for her to approach (my pup has very good greeting manners) and will ignore triggers.

A pop on a leash/prong, I fear, will just make the trigger worse and heighten her craze. Often I need to pull her away from the trigger to help get distance, and this makes it worse, though necessary until we're far enough away.We're working on exactly this. Kea has developed resource guarding for a location (home) and recently developed to any indoor place (unfortunately).

You need to do a lot of practice between real situations, so that guests aren't the ones that have to deal with it.

It'll take time, but you're doing the right thing. I would break it down into smaller, easier tasks for your pup.

1. Doorbell/knock should be conditioned to have your pup run behind the gate and sit quietly. Do this for 5 knocks every other day to help with the conditioning. More/less depending on your pup's threshold. Eventually he just can't anymore, so you want to stop conditioning before that happens. So knock, lure into the back behind the gate with food, ask for a down stay for 5 seconds, then release out of the gate (nobody comes in, just have someone practice by knocking outside).
2. Knock, wait until he's behind the gate and quiet. Then open the door and have the person toss treats into the house, then close the door (Person doesn't come in), and then ask for another quiet downstay, then release to go get the treats (high value). 
3. Now that your pup knows good things happen when the door opens, only open the door if he's quiet and not jumping on the gate. Keep progressing until your dog is quietly waiting until you release.
4. Keep going until a person can come in and sit with your pup quietly sitting and waiting.

This probably will take months, but if you keep practicing without real guests, it's going to be a lot better.Just visit the r/reactivedogs sub and you'll notice you're barely barely seeing the tip of the iceberg. You have a human friendly dog (at least) and that's great, but you should see what trouble people have when their dogs are timid/scared/reactive towards strangers. It's 100% a good thing for humans to not approach every dog they don't know, and for kids and their parents to be extremely cautious. Your dog is great, but they're not judging you or your dog, they're being very considerate and responsible people towards dogs. And yes, maybe they have no idea, but muzzles are a great deterrent of approaching people.

Muzzles don't mean the dog is not "friendly," and I get that's kind of upsetting, but reactive dog owners love the effects of quickly communicating to others that their dogs aren't there to be a cuddly teddy bear to everyone. 

What I'm trying to say is, you're not wrong to want a better way to communicate to people that your dog is friendly, but experiencing and knowing reactive dogs, you're asking for something that's not necessarily a good thing for anyone other than your specific dog, rather than for people to "wake up," or be "more normal" towards your dog. I don't think that's what you're saying but wanted to give you some perspective just in case.Resource guarding a location. She thinks her job in this case is to guard the location from him. Why him? Maybe she's a little scared, but bold enough to try to herd him into not moving and following her rules.

Along with what others have suggested, just have him walk around dropping treats behind him all the time. Instead of Ruby being triggered to bark, she'll be counter conditioned over time to understand that him walking around means good things, treats just fly out. Eventually she'll develop a good feeling for his movements.

I think also working on his bonding with her will help as well. I think there are other suggestions there.

Also, look up location resource guarding to help. This happens a lot with a dog's home or favorite spot on a couch, etc.We go at different times between 7:30am and 9:30am. She was totally fine with everything and loved anything that moved, then suddenly developed fear towards kids, and then adults coming out of their front doors, and now anyone that stops and stares. If you're moving, you're totally cool. If you stop and look, it's all bad.

So as long as I can manage that, we're OK. And we've been able to curb the fear when people come out of their front doors enough to be manageable.

I think we're lucky because she's still a puppy at 10 months, so we've been progressing and we can still be out in public without any incidents except on special occasions like this.

The only downer is she seems to be picking up more and more, despite no negative experiences. It's hard to know what to always make super positive with treats, so sometimes I just treat anything she looks at as a trigger to help curb any potential reactivity.No way! You can't leave your dog with someone else's kid. Maybe, just maybe it's ok to spend a bit more time with him, but it seems totally wrong to force your dog to accept it. Desensitization could be what you're going for, but I also don't think this is right.

Our puppy loved kids, then became reactive. We've done non-stop counter conditioning for about 5 months now and counting, with plenty of days in between for de-stressing. No matter how much, she will still react to kids that come too close, even kids she knows well (my niece and nephew). I watch her so closely when we're over at my sister's home for longer periods of times, but I would never just leave my dog there without me.

Muzzle training is just a good tool either way.Every time I try to think of all the positives of what my dog doesn't do, she ends up starting to do it. It's a curse.

 1. Glad she isn't reactive to kids. Became reactive to kids.

2. Glad she isn't reactive to adult strangers. Became reactive to adult strangers.

3. Glad she isn't reactive to people who come into the house. Reactive.

4. Glad she doesn't lunge at dogs on leash. Lunges and barks now (If they're close enough and lunging themselves)

5. Glad she doesn't bark at noises outside ever. Now barks at noises outside.

The list keeps getting longer. I never ever take anything for granted anymore. I never can think of the good things because it just feels like I'm jinxing it all.I worked so hard with my pup. We would go so far as to play "playground noise" all the time in the house. We went the distance without overdoing it. I treated her like she would be the most reactive dog ever, and didn't leave anything to chance. Every moment we worked on resource guarding (location, people, toys/food), strangers, kids, other dogs, animals (we found goats, horses, and other animals), malls, busy places, quiet places, city streets, construction (a lot of it), car rides, the vets office (we went even when we had no reason to be there), EVERYTHING. She loved it all. No bad experiences. And just out of nowhere, reactivity. No reason. Stranger danger? Out of nowhere. Resource guarding the house? One day it went from I love all strangers, to "not ok for you to stand up." And from licking and cuddling with kids to: "holy shit you moved, what the fuck."

It's hearbreaking. She's only 9 months old. ever since she was 5 months she started her reactivity.

Before then we were so happy with the progress on all the work we did. I spent every waking hour with her since she was 8 weeks old, I had no life outside of my dog, which was great. I thought about starting training for a therapy dog, since she was so kind and sweet towards everyone. Volunteering at kids hospitals, senior community centers, and more. She had the best loose-leash walking, her prey drive for critters very manageable, and her energy was very calm when we asked for it. Always positive reinforcement, she is never afraid of me, and if she does something I don't like, a simple "oopsie" gets her rushing to me excitedly for a job that she's supposed to do. I was excited to get back into my work office with a great office dog. But no. Dreams crushed. She became reactive to kids, all of them, even the ones she used to love. She defaulted to being suspicious of all new people, and all the kind older seniors in my neighborhood who loved to stop and compliment her became scary. And all new guests who come to the house were evil to her. And the list keeps getting longer. Every week she adds more to the list. We tried shut down where she was 100% kept away from any triggers for days, so it wasn't that. We worked with behaviorists that said she was so good and not to worry, yet I wonder. Breeder saying it's surprising but she should figure it out soon enough just like 100% of all the other pups and lineage. Her siblings, half siblings, and more all having a dandy time with kids crawling all over them and meeting all manners of strangers in their neighborhoods. 

And us, with this beautiful sweet pup that is just adding more and more triggers to her resume in a seemingly never ending journey of fear.

I've looked at myself, am I just giving off the vibe? Am I making everything scary? Did I over do it? Probably. I probably fucked up and continue to. I wonder if I am unfit to have a dog. I feel like I'm calm, in fact I've always had a lot of confidence in how well she's doing. I literally spend every moment with her, I work from home 100% now just so I can work with her when she's ready to go in between naps. She's always mentally and physically stimulated just enough. She's in incredible health. She has great habits and is polite, other than rudely barking at little babies and kind older folk.

I know, it's stupid to keep saying I'm a failure. And yes, there are so many other things she could have been reactive to and isn't. But damn, it isn't in her genetic makeup according to the long history of temperament and such with her specific line, I am proud that I did so well in keeping her to only positive experiences (almost never just neutral and definitely not negative), which was a lot of luck as well, and yet, what else could it be? A super super crazy edge case, one in a million dog, or maybe more realistically I'm just a major screw up.

One theory is that we just did too much. We went by checklists, we focused so hard on that window of socialization, and were just too strict with all of that? It's like the kids who rebel completely from their overbearing parents?

Anyway, yes I love the dog. She is so wonderful to me and those she already knows. It's just not even close to what our hopes and dreams were, especially with the great opportunity to carefully research and choose her from a breeder for what we wanted, just to really get not what we wanted. Maybe it's circumstance, maybe we're unlucky, or I'm just overthinking this in a moment of overwhelming disappointment.Our pup had all the signs of being super cuddly forever, now she doesn't even like prolonged pets. We're working hard on getting really engaged with her beyond just treats with pets, games, toys, and more. We're also working on hugging restraints for when we goto the vet as well, hoping she'll associate close hugs as a good thing rather than, "I'm about to get my temperature taken through the butt." But yes, she is no longer cuddly. But like everyone else says, things change once they become adults. There's so much other fun engaging things you can do with your pup though that should more than makeup for the disappointment.I've seen with GSD's especially that the older dog is usually 2 years old at least, often times 4. I'm not sure why, but there are so many that are like that. There are so many that also have an older GSD and a younger white swiss shepherd. At least maybe this is because mine is a WSS and I follow a bunch of people on Instagram with them as well, who many seem to all have an older GSD already.Yeah, I think there's something called a default behavior when the dog is nervous. The default behavior is then supposed to be a job that takes them away from possibly using the reactivity as a job, or the behavior is associated with always being safe.

I use a heel-sit where she is pressed against my leg, and I am in reaching distance of her face so I can easily stuff cheese/hot dogs in front of her nose. We do this in the house all the time with high value treats as well, so when we're out, it's automatic and it somewhat keeps her busy.Your plan sounds good. Just always take her out for pee breaks before/after anything.

Right before she squats or as she is, give her the command you plan to use later, do this over and over and she'll do it on command. I use "hurry up," because that's what we used for my sister's dog before.

Do a calm celebration while she's doing it, and then a super high pitched celebration and treat when she's done. The first celebration is a reward for doing the deed, without having her stop mid pee. You want to make sure they know that a full elimination is what gets them the treat. Also, treating at the end gets them to pee faster when going outside, rather than stretching the time out.

Our pup started learning that as soon as she peed, we would go back inside, so she tries to get all the sniffs in first. We started taking her inside if it took too long, and then we incorporated a high value treat after, which was more interesting than sniffs, so that got her going fast again.If possible, I just leave my pup with my parents who live close by for the time they come in. On occasion, I leave her in the home office. She barks a lot at first, but I'm able to give her reassurances that this person is safe and she actually warms up to them and ignores them completely after about 5 minutes of barking.

She's still a puppy and has had a lot of positive experiences with people coming into the house, so I think she's still battling that with her tendency to want to be a guard dog as of late.You should definitely search for help on r/reactivedogs, but it just sounds like the way you're working on it might not be right. The idea is that you work on this below her threshold of reacting. If you look into BAT 2.0 method, that threshold will get better and better (as your pup wants it to). Right now you need to start working on her reactivity well before she reacts to the trigger.

You might actually be doing this already, but just wanted to point that out.

It's not always about sitting and focusing on you, it's more about adjusting behavior using counter conditioning and trying never to get over threshold.

If you ask any reactive dog owner who has seen success at keeping people/dogs/etc away, the best is using a muzzle. We are doing a ton of muzzle training with my puppy, not because she'll bite, but because it's the best way to keep people from approaching. It's 100x better than patches, signs, and shouting. If someone sees a muzzle, they'll just stay away. If a dog owner sees a muzzle, they'll stay away. Nobody will even ask.

Muzzles double as a way to keep your pup from eating random things too, which is another reason why we're starting.I'm currently trying BAT 2.0 with my white swiss shepherd on being suspicious of strangers and giving them growls/warning barks. If a person stops moving and looks at her, she'll bark. She's 70 lbs, only 9 months old so far. If you earn her trust, you have it forever and she loves you like crazy. I'm a dude, 6'3" so I have never ever experienced anything like this, and I'm using BAT 2.0 just so that all the super kind older folk in my neighborhood don't keep getting barked at when they kindly stop to try to say hello.

At the same time, I wonder if my goal should be to help her understand when it's OK to be protective and when not to be. I guess first step is to stop the instant reactivity, the second step is to signal what's safe and what isn't. My fiance is a woman and only about 100 lbs. If she's out walking with our pup, it would be nice to know the two can look out for each other.What do you need thoughts on exactly? Why it takes so much space syncing on your mac from Dropbox? 

Just bring your hard drive everywhere. My SSD is smaller than my iPhone and fits in any pocket. If I have my laptop, it's just tucked right in any side pocket. When I get home it sync's to my Synology and that automatically uploads to Amazon.

When I'm on the road for a long time for a job, I actually bring two of these SSD's, and if budget permits, I will rent additional hard drives for even more redundant backups. I usually have enough memory cards where I also never need to format them for any job, even ones that last over a week. So on top of hard drives backing up, I still have the RAWs sitting on a bunch of memory cards. When I shoot with dual cards, one is always a backup of that, so really unless something crazy happened before I could sync to my NAS where I lost everything, I'm pretty much set. All hard drives / memory cards are never kept in the same place either, or with just me FYI.Funny thing is we do quite a bit, but it's only when I'm going to take a shower myself. So maybe it's a very specific time and location, we'll have to focus on that with positive associations!

I could just carry her into the bathtub like it's bath time, give her a ton of treats, and then take her back out. Maybe I'll just do that every day, and then when it's actual bath time, it won't be so bad.

Poor pupI did a full write up of a bunch of research I did, including a multi-layered system (fail-safe) that's fairly easy to setup. Easier to direct you there than describe it all again:

[https://medium.com/vantage/backing-up-photos-9ee825e7bc32](https://medium.com/vantage/backing-up-photos-9ee825e7bc32)

TL;DR 

Working Drive: 2TB SSD -- easily portable, lightroom catalog is on this too, auto backup/sync to a RAID

RAID: Using CarbonCopy (MacOS) my SSD is sync'd to my Synology NAS. The NAS is then constantly uploading photos to Amazon Drive (free with Prime).

Cloud: Amazon Cloud Drive -- unlimited RAW uploads for no additional cost (fast too), no downsampling/resizingWe have had really good luck with the "learn to earn" methods of Sophia Yin. We always feed our pup her meals through training of some kind. We don't own any food bowls. She has to do something to get ANYTHING she wants. Because of this, we haven't noticed her demanding or whining for anything. It could just be a coincidence with our methods + her normal character, but I definitely think it's been helpful. She whines when she's uncomfortable, scared, overwhelmed, or needs to go outside and we haven't heard her hit her potty bell. But otherwise, she has never known that demanding gets things. Even from the start, when we crated her we made her feel as safe and comfortable as possible. Lots of crate games, and she had more time in the crate with us and with the door open than with it closed early on. Now she's fine sleeping in the crate during the day. She's recently picked up the preference of not sleeping at night in her crate, for some reason. She'll kind of whine and try to get out, but it's more of a uncomfortable sound rather than demand. She'll eventually try to settle down, but she's so restless about it all.

TL;DR all dogs are different, but if you practice impulse control and learn to earn, it could be helpful.My puppy is so big, it's hard to think of her as a puppy and set our expectations as much. I keep expecting a lot from her, and as she's getting so big, all the "oopsie" behaviors are getting pretty extreme. The good thing is we haven't been able to let up or relax on any training, so hopefully, in the long run, she'll turn out great

We got her at 8 weeks, 15 lbs. She's now 9 months, 70 lbs. The biggest things we've worked on continuously has been loose-leash walks and polite behaviors like waiting at doors, never bolting through, never jumping and always sitting, and she only gets fed through training so she is all about earning everything.

We've never taught her anything where her paws come off the ground, not even "shake" or "paw." A lot of people that meet her ask her to shake after a sit, but she has no idea what they mean. Maybe a bit extreme to just always have her paws on the ground, but I grew up with some really big 100+lbs dogs, and even shake was a bit much, especially when offered without the handler asking for it.

Lately she's hit a teenager phase. We had a perfect close-heel walk down with her, and everything else was just perfect. Now I can see her consider everything. She isn't as excited about her kibble that we use to train with. We still work hard, we go back to fundamentals, and she does great. But a lot of time I just shake my head at how much I'm expecting out of a puppy who's barely been alive for 9 months.

She's about to hit her first heat I believe, and some things are worse than others. Sleeping overnight in a crate is no longer OK with her (though sleeping in a crate during the day is totally fine) so we had to go back to basic crate training. Last couple of nights I just gave up and let her free roam the bedroom, which is basically her sleeping right outside of the crate door the whole time.

She doesn't demand things, but she does have a lot of preferences that I'm seeing now. We draw the line in some ways, but in other ways I think it's interesting to give her some of the preferences that make her happy and feel good, such as possibly getting rid of the bedroom crate altogether and just letting her sleep wherever.

Anyone else in this weird phase of being out of puppy blues, hitting a teenager phase, but also just expecting a ton?I drive very mildly in this car, probably slightly infuriatingly so. My fiance drives the car sometimes, and she's even more economical than I am with driving it. 

We have a puppy and we try not to do hard stops/starts at all because she'll flop all over the place in the car. 

One thing to note, it is really hot and we're afraid of the pup getting overheated, so we do crank the A/C a bit. It's usually around 75 - 80 degrees where we live, and we run the AC about 70 - 72. Could that be a huge contributing factor?It is sooo low. I am actually calculating it based on odometer and amount of gas filled up (we do a full fill every time so we know). I also use the Fuelly app to keep track just in case.

I had a 2014 Audi S5 that I drove like a maniac around town, and it still got at least 20mpg around town. Switched to the Outback because of the dog, and thought it couldn't be worse even with the 3.6R, but I'm really regretting it. It's not half as fun and is getting worse gas mileage.We're actually starting to do muzzle training so that people won't come over to say hi. It's been the number one recommendation for keeping people away while training / people reactive pups that I've heard of. You'll lose some people coming to say hi for sure, but hopefully the cuteness of her will still shine through.

&#x200B;

They're expensive, but BUMAS muzzles are high quality and come in any color you'd like. They are also custom fit. Pricey but that's what we know. Once our pup is fully grown we'll be investing in one of these.Thank you. Yes she's 9 months old.

You may be completely right about us living in a city, where every other house has kids. There are a lot of people and tons of families here.

In hindsight, we kind of did a really great job with most things she'd be reactive towards. Dogs for one. She's fine (knock on wood) because we did a lot of work there from the beginning. She's not scared of bikes, skateboarders, runners, buses, construction, trains, and a host of other things. Maybe we're lucky that she's so specifically scared of just strangers and kids. It's just such a big part of our lives that we see it so much, but I guess it could be a lot worse.

We do have siblings and half siblings that live in big cities too. I know it's not fair to keep comparing with them, but I can't help but see how well they do under similar circumstances.

A lot of our breeders' dogs become service animals, therapy animals, and many are donated to search and rescue. That's why we were so drawn to them. Their pups always showed the behaviors that I really liked. I know it's not a guarantee ever, but it was worth a shot. I don't regret it one bit, but I can't deny the feeling of totally being the cause of it all.

Anyway, thanks a ton for your thoughts. I think you may be right still that we live in an environment that just lead to a lot more stresses early on, and this is not some doing on my end. 

It's going to be really sad if she never gets out of the reactivity to strangers. I'll adjust my lifestyle to it and we'll all be happy I'm sure. It just seems so negative at the moment.Unless the fear period is like 6 months long, then it's definitely not it =) She just turned 9 months old, and has been reactive since 16 weeks old to kids, and now adult strangers.

She got a lot better for awhile, and then bam, it was terrible and now we're still wallowing in that fear. We were prescribed fluoxetine and it may have helped a little, but not enough obviously.

I think she is very sensitive and curious, smart as heck, but she is very scared of things. The fear periods could have accelerated that a lot, and have been lingering quite a bit.

Thanks so much for the offer to talk to someone about it. Reddit has been a great place so far to put my thoughts together, and this subreddit has been so helpful and reassuring. 1 on 1 conversations are always very helpful as well, I'll definitely reach out. Thank you.She's scared of meeting strangers, and kids. Her reaction is barking and has recently escalated to lunging barks. It used to be backing away barks. This has been hard.

Strangers in public:

1. If they're moving at all, and not staring at her, she is completely relaxed, not even looking at them and ignores.
2. If they stop moving, she gets nervous
3. If they look at her, all bets are off

Strangers in a room:

1. If they stand up and turn away

Kids:

1. If they look at her and are within some 20 feet
2. If they are climbing something within 20 feet (this distance threshold changes a bit)
3. If they are not moving and staring
4. If they come through a doorway
5. If they come out of a doorway

Since we got her at 8 weeks, she became pretty timid, but we gave her a lot of positive experiences with people and kids. With kids, they always met her through a baby gate, and they were always giving her treats. Once or twice we allowed them in the gate, especially if they were calm and if they were comfortable. Kea was always gentle and so happy. Adults were the same.

At 16 weeks, two kids burst through the front of a pet store screaming, where we were trying new harnesses on for Kea, and we were right by the front door. She jumped back, stumbled, and barked loudly. This was the first time she has ever barked, and it worked. Her bark was loud and scary. The kids shrank back and started crying. She immediately learned that barking works. This started her reactivity and it's become worse ever since. We noticed her no longer being happy around kids, and she soon started targetting them to bark. We would be at a puppy social and she would run up to any kid and start barking in their faces. These were the same kids that she knew from before that she always sat next to and begged for treats.

We did a lot of counter conditioning, we hired a behaviorist to do an evaluation. She said Kea was totally fine, and that the conditioning we were already doing was great, so she only polished up some of the technique and said to continue. I also have a niece and nephew who are fearless, and we worked with them as well up close.

Some of the things we do:

Playground: we walk to the nearby playground and watch kids running and screaming (actually kids are either sleeping or running and screaming, so it's not really needed to describe their behavior haha). When she sees them, I give her high pitched celebrations (I'm that crazy dog owner at the park) and hot dogs. I stand on the other side of the trigger so she has to turn to me. I also lead her away from the trigger each time to get the food, just back peddling a tiny bit. She really excitedly follows for the treat. She's starting to auto look to me now and she gets REALLY excited when we goto the playground and see all the kids. She's only had positive experiences.

Up close: my niece and nephew are 7 and 4 years old, right in the range of scary. When they're calmly playing a game or something (sitting at a table or on the ground) we practice a long down-stay about 6 feet away. After 15 minutes of that with a lot of hot dogs, we get up and leave. We'll repeat sometimes twice a day, sometimes just every other day. Sometimes we'll also do the pet = treat. She'll go up to my nephew and be very friendly, licking him and wagging her tail, he'll then give her a pet and then give her a treat. Once that happens I lead her away from him and wait. If she wants to go back, we go back to him and repeat. Otherwise we don't force the issue and we leave.

So far, she really likes the kids. She licks them, lays down pressed up against them, but if they move, stand up, or enter the room she barks fiercely inches from their faces. Sometimes she'll bark a lot and then start licking and being friendly, then they'll move a tiny bit and she'll bark again.

When we go on walks/hikes or goto the beach or the playground, she'll run around with them happily. They can throw balls, run at her, and she will be playful. Doesn't matter if she's on or off leash. But in all other situations she'll bark, especially indoors.

For the stranger danger, we're starting to work with a behaviorist next week. It's hard because she only reacts when the person stops and stares. And she already knows all our friends who would be able to help with that. So we need a better plan + better setup situations. This weekend she met a lot of friends and family because we attended a wedding (and brought her at the end when we were at a family members' front yard just to say hi). She was curious about everyone, but something spooked her and she suddenly started barking at everyone. It was probably about 2 minutes of everyone saying hi. And not saying hi to her! To me! I asked them to not look at her and just ignore her, which everyone did a great job of. But after awhile they all started saying hi to her since she was wagging her tail, and that was just too much of the stopping, staring, and bending over to pet.

Another thing to note, she is fine in crowds. She hates single people on a quiet street. She sometimes focuses so hard on that one person, thinking it's someone she knows. It's a very friendly focus, like her ears go back like she sees her bestie, and wags her tail and starts wiggling and almost laying down submissively, then she'll realize, oh shit, that is NOT who I thought it was and jump up barking. It's so rude, because she showed all the signs of being a friendly dog until she realized it wasn't who she thought it was, pulling in this confused stranger to pet her. I've learned now to ask people to just ignore her and walk past. It's just so many mixed messages. 

She is a sweetheart to people, she loves them, but strangers scare her. It takes a few meetings for her to fully feel comfortable, and then she is the sweetest to them forever.

Anyway, that was a lot longer than I expected.That's normal. My pup used to fart and startle herself quite a bit. I just started laughing at it and now I think she's realized that it's just part of her life and it's not that scary. She's now 8 months old too, and she's pretty much over it. She isn't over really quiet sounds like leaves falling though, that she still freaks out about. Totally fine with buses rolling by with their airbrakes. A small leaf falling? Oh hell no.We had this a lot too. She was recovering from giardiasis, which was just constant diarrhea, and then soon after it was great poops with the end being mushy. But the next poop was good again.

Now she has very consistent poops. We started giving her probiotics (Proviable DC) as recommended by our vet, and it could be a coincidence, but it seemed to start helping quite a lot.GSD's have a lot of different types of backs, some are fairly neutral. I've seen working line GSD's with sloped backs too.

It's not bad if the breeder and lines of dogs show good health and ability. But there is some truth into more stress on joint/ligament/etc.: [https://www.quora.com/Do-German-Shepherds-without-sloped-backs-still-have-back-problems](https://www.quora.com/Do-German-Shepherds-without-sloped-backs-still-have-back-problems)

It's also not totally fair to make assumptions just by how it looks relative to other pups, but I understand where you're going with that. It's like snub-nosed pups or doodles. There's a lot of health/maintenance issues that are discussed a lot.

If you look into it more, severely sloped backs might not be the best, and aren't really in the breed specification:

[https://www.louisdonald.com/the-curved-back-of-the-german-shepherd.html](https://www.louisdonald.com/the-curved-back-of-the-german-shepherd.html)

[https://dogdiscoveries.com/german-shepherds-have-sloping-back/](https://dogdiscoveries.com/german-shepherds-have-sloping-back/)

[https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/crufts-2016-german-shepherd-dog-owner-hits-back-and-says-her-life-s-been-made-a-misery-a6931656.html](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/crufts-2016-german-shepherd-dog-owner-hits-back-and-says-her-life-s-been-made-a-misery-a6931656.html)There's a lot of ways, bacteria infection, stuff going down the wrong tube, etc. In her case, it was aspiration pneumonia, meaning something like vomit went up and then down the wrong tube, or it could be some other chunk of food etc. Puppies vomit for a lot of reasons, or choke on things because they're, well, bad at breathing/eating stuff. So it's possible for her that something just went down the wrong side and got stuck and infected in her lungs.

What we did wrong, possibly, is we play fetch with a "give" command where she puts the ball in my hand, gets rewarded with a treat, then she sits for the next throw. The reward for the sit is the throw. She started to just hold her food in her mouth and chew as she went. I believe this is possibly the way she got it, because we were playing fetch and suddenly she started hacking like crazy and it got worse. Three days later she was lethargic, lost all appetite, started throwing up, and we took her to urgent care and she had pneumonia. It could also totally be something else.

At the same time, this can also happen as a secondary infection from an illness. So as long as you can keep your dog healthy or treat the first illness early, you'll be good. Don't let illnesses linger too long and make sure if there's an infection, they're on antibiotics quick. Just hard to know I guess in some dogs. Our pup was not symptomatic of any illness. And she also got a respitory panel to test, and it came back negative for everything so it was most likely just a foreign thing stuck in her lung that infected.interesting, I thought trazodone was just for sedation once in awhile, rather than long term. We're on fluoxetine for longer term meds.

Kea is usually totally fine, only in very specific situations she can get trigger stacked, like the vet this time around. We may just need a big dose of tradozone right before...

Glad it's been a big help for you though! Sounds really great.Update: I actually tried this and it worked! Brilliant! I totally forgot to report back.

Here's what I did:

1. put my hands behind my back, this got her to look directly at my eyes instead of searching for any other hand signals
2. I said "stand" and then brought my hand out to give the signal. I would see her eyes dart to my hand

After a few repetitions, she started standing before the hand signal!

We're still drilling it, but wow, it's amazing how quickly that worked. Thank you all!that's a good idea, but a positive update, she learned to stand on command now instead of hand signal. What worked for me was the verbal command a second before my hand was even visible. I tuck my hands behind me, that gets my pup's eyes on mine, then I say "stand," then my hand comes out to do the motion. Only after a few minutes of this and she got it!

Now it's just repetition.Well, weirdly, her siblings were able to do it at 12 weeks. I was still setting my timer for 3 hours at a time throughout the night to take her out, so that we could get her out before she started making noise (we were trying to avoid her demand barking). Then one of her siblings' owners told us he forgot to set his timer one night and his pup just started sleeping through the night no problem, and he's kept it that way since. So I just said, screw it, no alarm, let's see. And bam. I woke up in the morning 7 hours later, and she was still passed out.

She's a well bred pup, and on the larger side (will be about 75 lbs fully grown), so that may be why at 12 weeks she was good. She also almost never had accidents inside since then, and then has been perfect since she was 14 weeks old.Sometimes vets have a back entrance for contagious or reactive pups. Call ahead and see if they have this. Then, ask to see if you can wait outside the room, and enter AFTER the vet comes instead of waiting inside for the vet to come in. This works well if your pup is reactive to people coming into a room vs entering a room themselves with people inside already. Good luck!!This is true. And it sucks.

I'm sure you've already thought about it, but you didn't fuck up. You're taking care of your pup's health. You totally did the right thing to get him checked. 

Fuck the insurance policies for a second, and remember your dog is lucky to have you and it's great you're watching out for him. Sure you could've waited so insurance would pay, but isn't it better to know earlier and be safe than sorry? Money should never get in the way of health, and that's what insurance is for, but in this case, they really suck.

You have to think about it from their end too though. They're protecting themselves from people who get it after, so the 12 month period helps them from that. But it sucks for all the others.leaving the room works wonders.

After a well timed "OW," stand up abruptly and say: "too bad." Then leave the room. You should have a baby gate or something so you can just get up and leave.

At first, leave for just 15 to 20 seconds, come back and try again. If it's persistent, leave again. Leave longer, etc.

Also, if they're really persistent, first take the pup outside for a potty break, make sure they have water and are not hungry. Making sure they're not trying to tell you something first will make the "leaving the room" a very clear signal that biting is not ok.1. Not jumping. All paws on the ground, all the time. (we don't train shake, high five, etc.). Lots of greetings in different situations. What worked best is we hold her on a leash, greeter comes up and stops a couple feet away. As soon as the pup sits, the greeter goes forward to pet. BUT if there's a jump at all, turn around and walk away. Now she is the best greeter ever, and now at 8 months and 67 lbs, I'm glad we did it.
2. Recall. You always need this if you want a dog off-leash anywhere. We played recall games in the yard every morning. Then at the off-leash park, hikes, distracts, etc.
3. Wait / leave-it. Impulse control. But not just for treats and stuff. We have her sit before going through any door with a wait. Every intersection she goes into a heel sit (leaning against the leg), I say "wait," and she waits for me to say: "ok let's go." Her leave-its suck, but we're working on it. Auto waits are important. When we give her food, water, or anything she never automatically takes it. Always waits. If we drop something on the ground, she waits (well, sometimes she does, but one day we hope she wait for that perfectly).
4. Loose-leash/off-leash walking. Makes walking her so much fun. She auto sits when I stop. If we're off-leash and say a biker or something is coming by, or there's a crowd, having her walk beside me when I don't want to pull out a leash.
5. Putting on/off the harness. Some dogs run when you take the harness out at the park. My pup is so conditioned to just stick her head through, it's easy now. We always give her a recall-value treat when she lets us put it on.
6. Back up. This one is huge. We have baby gates in the house, and she sometimes sits on the swing-in side of the door. All the time I have her stand, then back up a few steps. This was one of the hardest tricks for her to understand.
7. Touch. Touching the palm of my hand. She loves this game because it's easy. For some reason a lot of dogs get this really well, and it's even used to trump recall sometimes. I like it because I can maneuver my pup into all sorts of positions. If we're in a crowded room, I can have her touch my palm and sit in the smallest places. The key is to touch the PALM, not just any part of the hand. I can then angle my hand in any direction and she'll get to the palm.
8. Place. Laying down on a mat, or any object that she'll fit on. Keeping calm on it for prolonged time is a bonus. 
9. Look at me. Gets her away from distractions, focused on me. A supplement to leave-it. Helpful when there's reactivity of any sort in the future. Good for combating prey drive. It's also really cute. There's two levels of this. A calm one, where she eventually looks over. And an emergency one, which is more her name sharply and loudly, not to startle but to really get her to head turn. And bam, tons of treats (at least 5, medium to high value). Then whenever she hears her name in this way, she snaps to look. I felt bad because once she looked so quickly she slammed her head on a tree stump that was next to her head.
10. Enough. This one is basically: "stop what you're doing and I will give you something else to do" It's redirection in a command. It's a calm even word, "enough," never starting with her name. She's learned to be excited about it, because we always give her a new "task" and a good treat. Now she's quick to just stop doing something and coming to me excitedly. We never need to use the word "no" or punishment. Just "enough sweetie, goto your place." and she'll stop destroying the rug and trot excitedly to her dog bed and wait for a treat wagging her tail. It's the best.Here are some tips:

1. First you need a really good "stay" command. This means you're constantly yoyo'ing to your pup and then backing up, constantly rewarding for the prolonged stay. This gets your pup to really focus on you, not looking away.
2. Then you do a "place" command and stay. You shouldn't be advancing to a prolonged stay where your pup is totally disengaged from you (yet). He should be watching you really intently. Don't release him from there, just go to him and reward as you would a stay. If he's watching you intently and waiting for the rewards, he won't destroy the bed.
3. OK let's say he just has a ridiculous urge to rip up plush things (totally normal for puppies) and once he touches it he has to rip it up... you can get a really rigid thing that's hard to get up. We used a very large outdoor door mat, that's really hard to pick up on the edges. We got it at costco. Worked great.
4. We have a k9ballistics crate mat, it can be zip tied. You can use the crate with a "place" command too, and it's going to be really hard for your pup to get an edge up to even start chewing on it.

Try getting your pup to focus on you first for place. If you're beyond that and just need sustained holds without destroying, hopefully you can just keep redirecting him to chewing what's legal. 

I think this is overall less of a "place" command problem and just a constant puppy redirection problem. There some tricks you just can't train before the other. 

Consistency and your own endurance is key to getting redirection to work. Like u/adaneko, we were a no bed house hold. There was nothing our pup wouldn't try to destroy. She was either napping in a bedless crate, 100% engaged with us, or roaming around with the humans constantly redirecting to legal toys. It's tiring, so we didn't do the redirection stuff very often, especially if we were distracted. it's full focus for redirection. It works though. Once we hit about 6 months, she just stopped. I know she wanted to, she would stare longingly at the edge of the cot, but then lick it and chomp her toy. Now she doesn't even think about it. She now has beds in her crates, a super plush bed outside, and an elevated cot. We also have rugs all over the house now (she has hygroma, so we need her to stop slamming down on hard surfaces).

Anyway, good luck!