It’s something to consider. We’ve considered the same thing. We have a 985. We have a second dock for ours since we had the intention to finish our basement at some point...right now, it’s a big, open area with some carpet squares in one corner with a couch, a workout area, and an area where the litter box lives. We tend to have litter scattered, aMost likely that person had general anesthesia or heavy sedation, what they call monitored anesthesia care (saw anesthesia equipment in background).  So, no, the medications used have heavy analgesic and amnesic affects to prevent them from feeling and remembering anything. Plus, they injected local anesthetic in the area too to further provide paiI give my patients the “keep your hands and feet inside the ride until the ride comes to a complete stop” speech as I’m wheeling them to the OR. I routinely tell them our hand surgeon is very busy today so don’t reach out of the stretcher and try to help. We are good. 👍

When I have them move from the stretcher to the OR table I tell them, now comeI have some family like this too. I’ve not been as “on the front line” as my fellow ICU, floor and ER nurses- you are all badasses, by the way (I occasionally encounter cases for procedures). I have taken a sabbatical from FB because I. Just. Can’t. With the bullshit anymore. It’s so sad. 

Just wear the stupid mask. Stop being so argumentative, soI know a few folks (golden retriever and German Shepard owners, specifically) who own Roombas and swear by them. We have one, but have a cat. It’s really amazing how well they do. I ran a test one time, ran my normal bag less vacuum after the Roomba, and barely anything  was in the tank. Before, it would produce a lot of fur and dust on a weekly ruYesterday’s central vacuum system is today’s Roomba. Central vacuums were seen as super convenient, as you didn’t have to fight with cords (just a really heavy bundle of hose initially) but they are quiet since the main system is tucked away usually in the basement or garage and the suction is superb. 

Now we just hit a button on our phones. But, Ours is configured the same way, and used for the same purpose (except we hung a “no soliciting” sign lol...) The closet is only 2 ft wide though...tiny thing. One vacuum, some winter coats and jackets when not being used all of the time. 

I hung some nice heavy duty hook racks for frequently used coats, hats, and whatnot on the wall right next toI really appreciate that! And also, thank you for also wearing masks, for protecting that vulnerable population that you serve, deviating from what was your old norm and tolerating hours of this thing on your face! 

It’s hard for those who aren’t used to it to all of a sudden be forced to get used to wearing the masks for hours. But not that hard I work in an OR. We wear 2 masks. 2!!! 

I have lines on my face from how hard the N95 masks dig into our skin. I wear a surgical mask over the N95. This is the current standard for us. 

Those who bitch about the masks get absolutely no sympathy from me. We are in the middle of a pandemic that isn’t just going to go away. 

Just wear the masks. OrSame! Lived in apartments, some with low windows, one with a balcony, but all small. Then BAM! House with so many big, low windows on all sides that she could climb onto the windowsills to watch birds and neighbor dogs, lay in sunbeams, lots of space to roam and do cat things, and a basement, where she would go and meow confusingly since she heard Kind of feel that way...sort of...

My ASC is officially closed until further notice. I do that PRN...

My OR position is going to be a mishmash of whateverness because some docs will just seem their cases as urgent. Even when very clearly, they aren’t. But, very likely, I may get LC’ed because I’m PRN there, too. 

My part time IR position is mostGenerally garage doors can lock from the main button in the garage. Makes it where the remotes and code key pads will not open it, in case someone hacked the signal or the code. There are also manual locks on the door or tracks. We utilized these features for when we went out of town. I would lock the garage door when I was by myself overnight. WanIt did finally pop up, many hours later. I honestly didn’t check until the next day. We usually put the sleep timer on the TV at night, and let it go. I’m used to the Apple TV shutting off after the streaming pauses for an extended length of time. Instead, it stayed on for 20 plus hours, and I finally manually turned it off. At that point, it was aThis is the exact issue we had as well. After I posted the original post and saw some of the feedback, I went and checked the ATV and it was still on, so I turned just the TV on (not touching the Apple TV remote as it would jump it back t home screen) to see the “Are you still watching?” Screen. 

PS Vue figured it out, we also ran it through the AI took Amtrak from St. Louis to Chicago, really enjoyed it. To not have to fight with parking in downtown Chicago, an absolute yes to Amtrak, since it drops you off right in the middle of everything. We walked everywhere or took the L or taxis to where we went. 

My father in law took Amtrak from Arizona to St. Louis. He got to get the full feel ofOR nurse here: we send instructions home with patients that we require them to sign a copy of. We go over them thoroughly, explaining what things to look for that are signs of trouble, with phone numbers to call us or their doctors for questions. Every place I’ve worked at does it the same way.  

So on that note, this patient needs to go to the ERTerminix introduced me to Optigard, it’s a gel in a syringe that you leave dollops on the ant trail. Kills them all for a while within a day. Unfortunately they just showed up somewhere else a month later. Works great here in the Midwest for the seasonal ants. 

Terminix did succeed with the German cockroach issue. Within a month, gone. 

Boy do I We moved from Hawaii to the Midwest. I thank God every day that I am not seeing those sugar ants everywhere and B52 cockroaches flying around anymore. And cane spiders. Omg. 

You could eat off of my kitchen floor, I was a bit OCD with cleaning. It didn’t matter. We had Terminix come treat. It helped a tiny bit. Stupid bugs. I miss the cute little Have a blast!! 

A couple of my friends are very young at heart, yet, my age, so we went trick-or-treating every year. The last time we went we were well into our 20s...luckily we are also shorter in stature. And we had one of our much younger cousins with us too. 

Full out costumes, pillowcases to collect candy. Went during normal, acceptable houI don’t speak gun because I have absolutely no interest in guns. That doesn’t mean that I don’t know what I’m talking about. I live in St. Louis. Murder capital of the country at this point. 

Do I want guns taken away from people? No. What I want is the mass shootings to stop. Other countries seem to have it under control. What the hell is the U.SSo agonizingly sad. And so freaking true. 

And republicans have their pretty little pockets lined with so much NRA money that the republicans will continue to kiss their asses. No matter how many more people perish from these heinous acts. 

I’m sorry, but if I had an assault rifle, I’d get the thing destroyed at this point. Simply out of the fearA few of our surgeons would find this hysterical...especially when the patient uses our single use, indelible pen to draw on themselves, knowing that isn’t coming off for a week with vigorous cleansing. 

I posted this post because it was cute. Not to frustrate our OR nurse community, that I’m part of. Yeah, it’s probably fake. Whatever. So many frI’m so, so sorry. There are no words to offer to make it even a little bit better. 
I’m going to make a suggestion though, that I’m unsure if you or your wife have pursued. I’m a nurse, I take care of a lot of newly diagnosed cancer patients and those with chronic diseases. I push support groups a lot. There are support groups for anything and everI feel you. I’m in my 30s. I have worsening social anxiety that developed in my late teens. 

It takes a lot of energy for me to push through day to day with work, I usually work 3 days a week. It’s taken years for me to feel comfortable in my position to the point that its autopilot, but things are going to change in a couple of months that are reIf you like the warm look of wood, and your wife likes the look and durability of tile, would you consider looking into the tile that looks like wood planks to come to a potential happy medium? 
We have hardwood throughout our house, and tile in the kitchen and bathrooms. Would never dream of having hardwood in those rooms, as water and spills woulIf this persists, you may need to cross post this to r/askdocs

Is this starting to become debilitating to you and your wife? Starting to show signs of dehydration, or changes in your feces? Blood showing up? 

Start drinking bottled water, as others have stated, and see about testing the tap water. 

Clean everything top to bottom with bleach. AndI’m pretty sure everything was covered! The only thing we would have had to pay for was padding, but it was still good so we used it again. The company that sold it to us provided us an installer. 

They worked with us, we proved we took meticulous care of the carpet, following the manufacturer standards. Was vacuumed 2 times a week, and traffic onNot a lifetime warranty, but extended manufacturer warranty...we filed a claim, and they replaced it. 

We had a Mohawk brand carpet in our place, in an area where the sun was just a bit too powerful...we picked a carpet that had an anti-fade warranty, which was for 7 years. We had the carpet 4 years, and there was very evident fade lines where we Outlets. Lots of outlets. Some with USB plugs. Outlets in some kitchen cabinets with pullouts for appliances like the toaster or mixer, to save counter space. 
Put outlets outside, high up for holiday lighting to minimize extension cord use. 

Another one is placement of windows and walls in the master. Our bedroom has 2 big windows, which is greatIAMAD, I’m a nurse. 

First things first, are you spitting up any blood? Is it difficult to swallow? Have you had to modify your diet because of the irritation? 

Take a flashlight, shine it into the mirror of your bathroom so the light shines into your mouth, so you can see into your throat. What does it look like? Pink, no abnormal colors or soreWe were camping when we lived on Oahu and one of my friends picked up a towel with a huge one on it, we were all like HOLY SHIT! DROP IT! And here comes our local braddah friend who was camping with us, walking into that battle, shovel in hand, to beat the crap out of it...it was awesome. 

I had never seen one that big, and was like, wtf is this tThe extremely rare situation where a patient can hear and feel their procedure but is paralyzed, because the inhalable anesthesia gases weren’t enough. Patients get propofol to go to sleep, then Sevofurane to inhale, to stay asleep, and for some procedures, a paralytic to keep them from belly breathing, having tensioning muscles, etc (The procedureNope. Busy. 

Oh wait? Did you say bonus? Let’s talk. 

We used to have awesome hourl bonuses on top of our base pay, which then got bigger at 1500 for shift differential. Key words, “used to”.  We were all snatching up shifts like we just found snacks in the break room. 
Then administration decided that they were losing more money using us to filExactly. It was found relatively quickly while anesthesia was trying to get them hooked up to monitors. Patient kept trying to keep arm at side to hide it. Then the confusion and shock ensued. It was absolutely betraying to our staff and surgeon. 

We live in such a sue-happy society now, we figured they were attempting an anesthesia awareness caseWe actually have a policy that picture taking and videos are illegal in our facility...it’s in our HIPAA policy that the patient signs on admission. Do they actually read it though, nope....but we just show them if it becomes an issue. 

Did have a patient attempt to record their surgery by hiding a recorder on their person...that was found, and thMine had never done that until recently...had the 3am wake up call of her hurl got up to figure out where so I could at least know and pretreat if need (because it’s always on the few carpeted surfaces we have when she does puke...), to find her eating the food that she must have ate too fast in the first place, again. 

So awesome...so gross..Damned Dr. google. 

My SO was doing a conference call with a pharmacist and his doc; and I hear him (from across the room) quote something he read on Google about his meds. It took all of my energy to not get up and smack him upside the head. But instead, he saw me, staring at him with my eyes bugging out of my head! 

I could hear the tone of hisHomes selling in high 150s-low 200s, steadily falling over the years. Homes not selling fast in this area, because of the many brand new neighborhoods around it, where you can build for around the same price. This home had way more problems than just the cosmetics, including a need for mold abatement, foundation issues. I backed away from this one.Metal foil cuts compared to paper cuts are a beast. Dang 15 blade and Vicryl packages...

My hospital has a pretty good recycling program for our shavers, saw blades, arthroscopic coblators, etc...but holy crap do we produce way too much waste. My ureteral aren’t really doesn’t need to be a package in a box, in a box!!! 

Want to start collecting tI do the same thing. Will go do something else until this word catastrophe is over. 
I also have extreme empathy for characters on shows and movies that are always dealing with constant embarrassing drama (those plot twists that constantly happen throughout movies that are considered funny because they are impeding on the character being able to geIt sounds like you have just dealt with my family while my uncle was in ICU, including my cocky aunt with the POA that made sure everyone knew that she was the POA...I had to tell them to stop bothering the nursing staff, and that I would call or check in once a day to get a report (since my family had no idea what anyone was talking about anyways Also, take your daughter to her pediatrician, ask for weight records. Ask for physician to do a physical, consider a referral to a pediatric therapist that can evaluate if anything has happened to her. They have very unique ways to check this, even at her young age. She is more at risk at the moment. Your son will definitely also need a pediatric tI live in the Midwest; when we fill our tub, it looks like a pale blue color because our tub is (very) deep and very bright white. Yours seems more green than normal. It could be that it’s a different hue of white, or lighting, or water quality...It never hurts to do the water test that everyone is suggesting simply based on caution, if anything. 👍I wonder if there is a tiny, inaudible (to us) click that they can hear...
We had cameras in our home and one night we went to check on our cat, and as soon as it pulled up the live feed, she looked right at it, with her glowing orbs from the infrared since the room was dark. Creepy as hell and hilarious all at the same time. 
Furry creeps, they arThey don’t just originate in beds...we had a bedbug infestation start with one of our couches. 
One day I’m sitting there and I feel something crawl on me...see this odd bug that I’ve never seen, I flick it onto a paper towel and put it in a ziploc bag so I can research what it is. Find another, do the same thing. Got on Google, saw that these coulI had an upstairs neighbor that worked midnights and was out of work for a period of time. But tried to keep his routine and stay up all night. 
Vacuuming at 2am, burning food, laughing boisterously, being unnecessarily loud. 
Plus had macaws. Freakishly loud birds. 
Daytime: silence. 
Unfortunately the the complaints went nowhere. I desperately neI’ve thought about doing home health. Then I think of scenarios like that and say, nope. I have the heebie jeebies way too bad. I’d panic. 
We had a patient from a bed bug infested home that was admitted, and the hospital went nuts. Every department/room this patient visited was then fumigated. The ER, CT, one of the OR rooms...we all itched and keThats definitely a good idea.  Thanks for the suggestion! 

Since, so far, the current dealer I see has only serviced this car once, I’ll give them one more chance. If still nothing, I’ll try another. 
And yes. It is weird. I have an overlysensitive nose...I’m definitely picking up the “maple syrup” smell. My husband smells nothing. 
This smell is I mean, the car is still under warranty, and will be for the next 34,000 miles. So plenty of time for this to be found and fixed. 
Usually they are very helpful. Loaner for when they are working on the car, all of that. I just worry they aren’t driving the car long enough for it to repeat the problem. But I’m going to keep pushing it. 
But one of tConsult a urologist. They can see if you are having issues with properly emptying your bladder, as well as do a proper clean catch of urine during a procedure called a cystoscopy. They can look closely at your bladder wall, check your ureters and kidneys as well to make sure that you aren’t having issues with urine refluxing into your ureters, alsoAs I read this, I’m pretty sure I wore the same grin you did. 
I’m glad to hear that you got this position despite what you are dealing with. I’m a nurse with a couple of auto-immune disorders myself, so I understand on that standpoint, both as a caregiver and as one who deals with others who just don’t understand why I’m in some sort of pain everyUGH. We had one of those patients. Every department/room that this patient had to visit had to then be treated by pest control and EVS. Like our CT scan room...which they taped the door closed with a sign that said “DO NOT OPEN” until eradicated. 
And then that person had to go to the OR. Where I am. We all itched and kept reassessing ourselves wheI’d rather have that than how our neighbor dealt with it...we hadn’t owned this house for 48 hours and she made a comment about the weeds and the dandelions during a meet and greet as we were moving stuff in...

Sorry, the lawnmower comes tomorrow. With our appliances. 

Technically we are not moved in yet. 

Sorry the last owner was lazy. But thisYou’re aren’t alone, that’s for sure. My watch clocked me at 144 on my heart rate, having palpitations, shortness of breath, in one of those “Oh crap this is bad” moments, and one of the surgeons I was working with that day (the jerkiest one of all) was like, “That’s not accurate! They are never right!” So I go to the monitor, hook myself up, and wDidn’t even have to learn how to do it either, and already mastered it!! 😳😆

I saw something the other day that said:

If you’re happy and you know it, overthink, 
If you’re happy and you know it, overthink, 
If you’re happy and you know it, give your brain a chance to blow it, if you’re happy and you know it, overthink. 
Sucks, but is so, so true.Did the Kmart gig for 4 years, 2000-2004. The music was updated somewhat...I remember the ever-repeating Christmas music during the season, and during the regular season, the pop 80s. Elton John’s I’m still standing. Over and over again for those years. Hear it now, and I’m back straightening shoes. 
Yeah, I’m a former Meldisco employee. 😊
Rather hNah, don’t be worried. 
But put a no soliciting sign on your door. We have the Kirby salesmen (along with other sales people and political pushers...) roaming our neighborhood from time to time too...had the utmost pleasure of saying that we already own one (from the 90s, vacuum is a freaking tank that won’t die) and shutting the door. Learned quicI would check for excessive drainage around it. Note the color and amount, if any. 
My kitty has scratched her eye (she has allergies, so she is always itching her face and ears) before but it wasn’t enough to warrant a vet visit. She held the eye slightly closed for a day then was fine. A little bit of clear drainage that stopped within a day. 
YoI had a pet sitter come into our home while we traveled. Heck yes I wanted updates!! She would send pics every day or every other day, and would regularly update us if our cat puked or had any issues. 
You aren’t being a helicopter pet parent at all. They are our fur kids. If your child was with a babysitter or family, there would be communication.How do they handle transport to the vet?

This is what I learned when taking my cat on a 9 hour flight...First, I left her carrier out in the living room so she could get acclimated to it. I put some of her food and water in it as well (she wasn’t really interested in that, but she would sleep in the carrier). 
There are 2 types of cats: the ones t