That sucks! I also had a bad tapjoy offer during the last double diamonds. It’s called babe box, basically a monthly subscription for a box of makeup and skincare with the first box free, just pay shipping. Problem is, it’s basically impossible to cancel the subscription, the website tells you to email them and then they never answer the email. I’mHey I have allergic asthma too, and cardio triggers an attack nearly every time. If you have an albuterol inhaler, you can take a puff 5 minutes before you work out to prevent attacks. Every once in a while doing this I’ll still get an attack if the workout is really intense, but the attack won’t be as bad if I’ve hit the inhaler before. Can normalCICO is a great choice not only because it works but because you have a lot more flexibility than with other diets. For example I have a ton of food allergies and I’m sometimes really busy, so I can’t put a ton of effort into my meals. Have there been days when I only ate frozen prepared meals, or even take out? Hell yes. But I ate those foods in tWhen you’re done eating for the night, brush and floss your teeth! It’s just a little psychological trick but it’s helped me. 

I generally do 16:8, while you’re getting started figure out what times of day you benefit most from food. I personally don’t really get hungry until early afternoon, so my “eating hours” are from 11am to 7pm. I like to eaI’ve never tried eyebuydirect but definitely agree about zenni! I’ve had a pair of glasses and a pair of sunglasses from zenni for about a year and they held up great. I think the glasses were $22 and the sunglasses were $45 (I did some kind of sweat-resistant add-on that made these more expensive).

Compared to other glasses I’ve bought, they don’If you don’t find it to be too much work, could you batch prep meals for your family (like make enough food for them to have spaghetti and meatballs for 3 nights) and then focus on cooking yourself a dinner you like? I think doing some kind of meal delivery service (like Hello Fresh or Blue Apron) might be fun for you, you can try all different kinJust anecdotally, it may depend on the person. If I ever take any kind of nap, any length, at any time, my sleep schedule is fucked. When I get tired in the afternoon I workout, and that gets me last being tired in maybe 5-10 minutes. I’ve also got diagnosed insomnia so might be an outlier case. 

But my mom has taken a nap every day from 3-3:30 pmI’m the same height and started at 275, with not a lot of exercise at first. I lost 2-3 pounds per week eating 1700 calories per day, and while I was hungry for the first month or so while I adjusted, it definitely got easier! 

I also struggle with getting enough protein sometimes, but one thing that’s helped me a lot is mixing my morning coffee wI do 1500 calories a day, and the thing that’s helped me the most is having coffee mixed with a protein shake for breakfast (160 calories). I was never a big breakfast eater anyway, but this keeps me full for the morning. Then I have plenty of calories left for lunch, post-workout snack, and dinner. 

Those calories definitely go fast when I eat atTonight I made salsa chicken (pound of chicken, jar of salsa, whatever additional veg and seasoning you like into the crockpot for 5 hours on low) then made taco salad by putting the chicken on lettuce with black beans, and jalapeños, avocado.

Super simple, delicious, and you can customize the salad ingredients and type of salsa. Highly recommend Also if you get tired of constantly tracking each item and if you’re using a calorie counting app, see if your app has a feature that lets you save recipes and quick-add them later. I use MyFitnessPal and have 10 simple, quick recipes saved for when I don’t feel like putting a lot of effort in. For meal prepping, save a recipe once and add it in alI was off my feet for a couple weeks with a similar injury, and I would search YouTube for something like “seated cardio workout” (can throw “intense” in the search too), and there are some pretty good resources for people who are injured or have disabilities. I believe Caroline Jordan is the channel I used the most, she’s one of the top search resI hate having to cook every day too. If you don’t need a whole lot of variety, you can meal prep vegetarian meals in the slow cooker to eat all week. 

If you don’t want to have the exact same thing for every day, you could also prep meal components (rice, lentils, beans, chop vegetables, etc.) and combine them differently (and top with different cListen, I work with a bunch of people getting paid way too much, with tons of degrees, and they are DUMB. AS. HELL. And a lot of them have NO valuable skills, and every video call these days starts with them all describing how helpless they are.

I think being a barista is such a cool skill, dealing with customers can be awful, and you have to balaIt’s totally normal, I’m going through it right now! I have one cheat day where I eat at or slightly above maintenance every 2 weeks (other days I eat in a deficit to lose 2 pounds per week). Today was cheat day, and I got a greasy diner breakfast and a huge cold brew. I normally relax for a few hours after eating, make sure to drink plenty of wateI felt the same way when I started! Specifically I would always eat snacks out of the bag, the first time I actually weighed out a portion I was SHOOK at how small it was. You definitely adjust though, and I’ve found you can kind of mentally trick your brain if you put the portion in a container that it fills up well. I’ve been putting my snacks inI’m in a 600 square foot apartment, haven’t stepped outside my own door for anything in 3 weeks (immunocompromised), and I’m forcing myself to still get at least 10,000 steps a day in here. It suuuuucks, because Im literally just making a circle, but some ways to make it easier if this is your situation:

1. Have music or a tv show or something on,Do you guys live together? If so, maybe suggest learning to cook together as a hobby, and try to make healthier foods or even healthier desserts. If you don’t live together and are quarantined right now, suggest cooking something together via FaceTime in your own houses.
Also weight loss with PCOS is a bitch, I have it as well, but there are good rThere are only 2 people in my house and we always shop at the same store, so my setup is pretty simple. Project is called Groceries, we can both go in and add specific items as undated tasks. Because we always shop at the same place, we’ve basically numbered the aisles in our head so each item starts off with that number (e.g, 1_milk, 1_eggs, 3_breIf utilities aren’t included in the rent, try to do some research to figure out how much you’ll pay for things like water, electricity, gas, etc. Ask the landlord which utilities they do and don’t cover. They may be able to tell you an average of what tenants pay for whatever isn’t covered. Otherwise internet research/asking on a reddit for your arYES. I’ve struggled with serious eating disorders in the past, and the “calories in calories out” mindset has been so helpful to keep me slipping back into that restrictive mindset that personally always leads me somewhere bad. I wanted some m&amp;ms today, the rest of my meals were healthy, and because I could see that I had 200 calories to spare,I know people have strong feelings about calorie counting and they hate it, but I’ve swung between starving myself and binge eating (two different responses to shitty life situations a decade apart). I use MyFitnessPal to track my calories because it keeps me from swinging in either direction of over or under eating. I look at my calories for the dI’m in the same boat, I’ve lost about 25 pounds and I feel like I look the same. But I’ve had body image issues and weight fluctuations in the past, so what I learned is to take progress pics once a month. You don’t think you’re losing until you see those! Make sure it’s the same outfit, same room, same lighting, same posture. Then put the picturesI’ve gone through starving myself during depressive episodes when I was younger, to binge eating a few years ago when going through some really tough shit. My weight fluctuated over 100 pounds, and I’m now working on getting back to a healthy weight. It’s hard to take care of yourself when things are falling apart, but you can do it! Just try to taI had this problem for awhile, but I’ve made this recipe at least 20 times and they always come out great: 

8 cups water or broth to 1 pound of beans

Cook on high pressure (see times below) then let pressure release manually for 20 minutes (this is key!)

Black beans: 30 min
Chickpeas: 40 min
Kidney beans: 35 min

Also another lessons I learned iGeneral best practice for anything you get delivered (packages, takeout food, etc.) is to dispose of the outer packaging as soon as possible then wash your hands for 20 seconds. So for example, today I picked up a prescription and bought toothpaste and dish soap. For the prescription and toothpaste, I just took them out of their packaging and didn’Taco bar night is my go-to for feeding a family with some vegetarians and some meat eaters. Put out bowls of different veggies (lettuce, jalapeños, tomatoes, corn), salsa, black beans, meat seasoned with taco seasoning, and any fixings (cheese, sour cream, hot sauce) then let people customize their dinner. 

If you want to up the protein for your sI make black beans almost every week in the instant pot. The basic recipe is below, and you can add whatever spices or veg you want, replace the water with broth, etc. My personal favorite is sub vegetable broth for water and add some bay leaves, smoked paprika, chili powder, onions, and red bell pepper. They keep for about 5 days in the fridge.

PQuick breakfast burritos: add hash browns, whisked eggs or crumbled tofu, a bunch of veggies, and seasonings to a slow cooker and cook for 2 hours on high. You can assemble the burritos the day of or wrap them and store them in the fridge (a few days) or freezer (a few months). Tons of customizing options to fit your budget - use up veggies that arBut you’re not eating the meat, so it’s fair that he’s responsible for preparing that part of the meal. If my boyfriend is using fresh meat he usually preps it at the beginning of the week (like cooking a batch of seasoned ground turkey) and adds it to the vegetarian things I cook. Tacos/burritos, pastas, and soups are the go-to for that. Other timI made an awesome, easy slow-cooker breakfast casserole that can be eaten on its own or loaded into burritos. Customize to your tastes, this recipe is pretty forgiving.

Ingredients:

1 bag frozen hash browns

16 oz. salsa

Any veggies (I had spinach, onions, and jalapeños)

6 eggs

One can black beans

2 cups shredded cheese

Seasonings (I did salI’ve been to 5 weddings at “nice” venues (fancy hotels, ballrooms, etc.) and they all had the single serving of catered food. But hands down my favorite wedding food was my cousin’s wedding, which she hosted on her farm and catered with a buffet of BBQ meats and sides from a local BBQ joint. It may change depending on your “type” of crowd, but thatA simple vegetarian recipe I really like:

Ingredients:

Cooked rice of your choosing

Block of extra firm tofu, pressed

Store-bought sauce (I do general tsos)

Your favorite veggies, fresh or frozen

Pablo bread crumbs (optional but so good)

Cooking oil 

Directions:

Cut your tofu into squares or strips and soak it in the sauce for at least an I did the Biodefense MS as a blended online/in person degree, so about half of my classes were online. It takes place largely through Blackboard, where you’ll need to do weekly readings, participate in regular discussion board prompts, and watch pre-recorded lectures from the instructors. When you have to take a test, there’s a software called KaltSNS is a brand name for a dip powder used to give a manicure. There are other brands, but I’ve only used SNS. During that kind of manicure, your nail tech will brush on a base liquid then dip your nails in the powder, apply a liquid activator to bind the powder, and then seal with a top coat. There’s no need to cure it with a UV light, and air drieIf you have some vanilla extract (or probably any extract), put a teaspoon of it in an oven safe container, turn the oven to 300, and put the vanilla in. It takes about 15 minutes for the smell to become noticeable, I normally “cook” it for 30 minutes. 

You can multitask and cook something while you do this, or turn your heat down for a bit and leI just discovered the maybelline superstay ink about a month ago, and it’s truly long lasting. I’m talking all day. If it ever looks a little patchy just do a quick touch up. But I literally couldn’t even get it off with makeup remover or micellar water—bought the remover stick (which feels like a chapstick) to be able to get it off without scrubbiThere are lots of great pastas made from things like white beans, edamame, black beans, etc. I get mine from Aldi for a great price but I’m sure other places sell it! It’s got a pretty solid protein level and really doesn’t taste much different from regular pasta.

Also one of my favorite breakfasts is to make quinoa on the stovetop with milk like My friend who’s new to fitness keeps scheduling a day for us to go to her gym together so I can teach her how to use different machines. She’s flaked 5 TIMES in 2 weeks, each time within 10 minutes of me walking out the door. I end up working out at my own gym when she does this, but it’s not the usual time I like to work out.

Now today she’s compHere’s my broke meal that I ate 3x a day for months:

1 potato 

1 egg 

Toppings (salt, pepper, hot sauce, cheese, vegetables, whatever you can manage)

Bake the potato in the microwave and scramble the egg. Scoop out the potato innards and mix that together with the egg and any toppings. Stuff that back into the potato. Pop back into microwave foIt sort of sounds like you’re feeling overwhelmed. If so, just pick one vegetarian/vegan ingredient you’d like to try, research some good recipes, and try them out. It takes the pressure off when you try to tackle one meal at a time!

I did this with tofu, bought a package of it and tried it in 3 different meals across 3 days. It helps you figure oNot OP but here are things i batch cook on the weekend for meal prep throughout the week:

Breakfast:

Cubed potatoes (4 minutes high pressure, quick release)
Black beans (follow the IP instructions)

Then I reheat the potatoes and beans on the stove to make them crispy, plus add fried or scrambled egg and some hot sauce, salsa or queso. Eggs can bYou pay someone for a job, and unless it’s a customer service job (which this example isn’t), you’re paying for results. You’re not buying a monopoly on their time. They could be doing other work or even just taking a shit. I think the only types of people who expect someone to drop everything and answer their call regardless of the situation is ouI meal prep every week, so I make the frozen veg in the instant pot (0 minutes on manual), then to heat them up I sauté in some oil and seasoning until crisp.

Part of the reason is because I have oral allergy syndrome, and double-cooking is the only way I can eat veg without having a reaction, but I also really like this method for the texture andAll of this is great advice. Also, if you know the brand of cardio equipment or the type of machine, you can find videos on YouTube of how to use it. When there’s a new machine I’d like to use, I always take a pic of it and google it. Even if you think you know how to use something, a quick search can show you different methods and tips for good foMy mom does janitorial work at a private university, and the stuff that kids throw away at move-out is INSANE. The nice thing is that there’s a grace period where they hold on to the stuff in case somebody wants it back, but then the staff is allowed to claim things they want. I furnished my first apartment this way! I’ve also helped my mom sell deMy fiancé and I both have the free version of Todoist, with some lists we share and some that are just personal. Our shared lists are:

Chores/Errands

Family Events

Groceries (I love using Todoist as a running grocery list then checking things off in store)

Movies to Watch

Wedding

You can assign tasks to one person or keep it neutral-we do a mThere are multiple “lists” that can subject you to extra screening or keep you from flying, but they’re based on law enforcement/intelligence info and generally homeland security focused rather than petty crime focused. If you were just being a dick on the plane, you won’t get on any of TSA’s lists, although I’m sure a particular airline could ban Sure!

Breakfast:
1. Oatmeal or yogurt mixed with chocolate protein powder and peanut butter
2. Baked potato (made in microwave) stuffed with scrambled eggs and topped with hot sauce and cheese

Lunch:
1. Some sort of rice combo. I prep the rice at the beginning of the week in a big batch, then add a bag of frozen veg and a protein (rotisserie chicI got my first kit from Amazon from a brand called Lavender Violets, $26 for four colors plus the base, activator, and top coat. I’ve found that those powders chip very easily, but then I started buying single pots of kiara sky to use with the base/activator/top coat from the original kit and it works great!

Kiara sky powders are around $8, I actuDoes anyone have any experience with getting back into running after recovering from plantar fasciitis? I’ve been working with a podiatrist for a few years now and finally feel 90% healed. I used to run and have been starting to get back into it my doing alternating run-walk on treadmill for an hour 3x per week. So far my feet feel ok, and podiatriI’ve read a few studies that say tackling two “projects” at once that are related can be mutually reinforcing, and also that there are health benefits that compound if you change both diet and exercise at the same time. I started transitioning to vegetarian at the same time that I got into a regular fitness regime, and I lost weight/improved my resHonestly if you have the money for it, I’d recommend booking a session with a personal trainer. Back when I started working out I did 4 sessions, and by the end I knew how every machine functioned and had the basic principles down. You could probably get a lot out of just one session. If you’re new to the gym, see if your gym does any kind of introI have oral allergy syndrome, meaning that I get an allergic reaction to a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables. I can’t eat any bell peppers, but maybe similar to this woman I can eat green and black grapes just fine, but I absolutely can’t have red ones. I don’t know what it is, but I’ve been this way for years and have had probably at least 10 reaHere’s my tofu fried rice meal prep:

Prep in advance;
Rice (I use instant pot, usually 1 1/2 cups)
Bag of frozen veg (I cook in instant pot; you can also just cook this day of or use fresh veg)
Tofu (I get already-cubed extra firm, press out water with a dish towel, and marinate in 1/2 cup sweet chili sauce and 1/4 cup soy sauce)

Day of cooking:
I’ve had some procedures that take 1 hour+ and I always wore headphones. I asked my dentist ahead of time, she was fine with it (asked if I preferred a different channel on the TV but I just said I had a Netflix show all lined up). I had both earbuds in, she had a system with all her patients where of they were in pain or needed to talk they raisedCollege isn’t for everyone, and that’s ok. Try to sock aside some money you make doing music so you have an emergency fund. If you’ve gone to college for a few semesters, could you graduate with an associates instead of a bachelors? 

You can also figure out what to do later if music doesn’t pan out. Try to network/make connections as much as possiI thought I would hate tofu but it turned out to be one of my favorite meat swaps. The key is to find some marinades that you really like, as it can take on a lot of flavor and can be customized for different types of meals.

There are a lot of great, simple marinades online. Right now for meal prep I’ve got a block if extra firm tofu cubes up and My dog is a rescue from a puppy mill that kept the animals in really awful conditions. It took years to get through her anxiety/fear issues, to the point where the vet put her on Prozac for about a year. When we would leave she would hurt herself (she broke a tooth chewing on a chair leg, will sometimes start to bite herself if she thinks we’re leaThis isn’t from a technical standpoint, just my experience getting dip nails (specifically Kiara Sky) for almost 2 years. I have weak nails, and gel manicures tend to last maybe a week for me before chipping. But dip powder lasts a month, and the only reason I have to get them redone is because of my nails growing out; there’s no chipping. I can al