I mean, there was not even any chance for de-escalation. The officer leaves his vehicle at [6:40](https://youtu.be/Fpnibt9RQ2U?t=400), asking what's going on as he walked up to the scene, he appears relatively calm. No one acknowledges his presence. 8 seconds later ([6:48](https://youtu.be/Fpnibt9RQ2U?t=408)) the girl who has the knife has pushed another girl over onto the ground. Officer draws his gun, tells everyone to get down. 3 seconds later the girl with the knife begins to swing back to stab the other girl ([6:51](https://youtu.be/Fpnibt9RQ2U?t=411)) and the officer fires. The whole event took place over 11 seconds from when the officer arrived on scene, 3 seconds from the first act of physical violence. There wasn't even any communication or recognition of the police even being there by anyone involved until the shots were fired.

Use of deadly force was the only acceptable result from this situation. The girl in pink would have 100% been stabbed. There was no de-escalation possible in the amount of time between the officers arriving on the scene and the girl swinging the knife at the other girl. You can't taser someone less than 300 ms away from stabbing someone, that person is going to get stabbed if you don't act in a substantial way.> My expert opinion is that he did, but someone paid me to say I don't think he lied so I go and tell people he didn't lie.... which is actually a lie.

I already stated that though... Why would you assume that no one thinks that the level of force would be necessary? Why do you think the expert witness isn't just a dickhead who thinks that's necessary and rather think that he lied? What's more plausible?

Ok, yes, you are right. You **CAN** lie about your opinion, but it makes no sense for the defense to use an expert witness that has to lie about this belief when they could easily find someone who legitimately believes that.

This line of thinking confuses me, because presumably you'd agree that a lot of cops hurt people. They do that because they are trained to think that excessive force is necessary and therefore, they believe that. If you ask them if excessive force is necessary, they will *truthfully* say yes because they honestly think it is.That is definitely part of how the justice system works. Think about if you were on the jury for a cop murder case. You'd feel threatened for your life if you didn't side with the mob. I mean, the expert witness had pigs blood thrown on his (former) house. If that's not a threat, I don't know what is.

If I was a jury of a trial like this I wouldn't even vote my mind, I'd vote the way that keeps me safe. There's far too many dangerous vigilantes in the world.Someone saying they can't breathe isn't actually a good indication that what you are doing is causing them to be unable to breath. People also tell cops their handcuffs are too tight when if they were any looser they'd fall off. That being said, I don't agree with what he did.

Additionally, the reason that murder 2 passed was because there is a clause which states that intent to kill is not required if it coincides with felony assault. They ruled that Chauvin commited felony assault against Floyd, which is why the murder 2 stuck.

Personally, I think the gamut of what counts as murder 2 is far too wide with such an exception included. How does someone kill someone without also committing assault? It's practically impossible. And if that's the case, far too many charges would be pushed into murder 2 which makes it confusing when 1 persons murder 2 charge is 20 years and anothers is 8 years. If this is weighed during sentencing, people will be upset that his murder 2 charge was lenient compared to the average, not recognizing that the only reason it stuck at all was a clause.>I have no intention of engaging the broader discussion going on here, but this statement is probably not accurate when we're talking about expert witnesses. That's sort of the point of an expert witness: their opinion is not the same as just some random opinion from any other person. Their opinion is presumed to be informed to such a degree that it is, for all intents and purposes, a factual statement.

I wouldn't agree with this and the definition firmly states that they provide their *opinion*. This case is different from an expert witness in an engineering failure for example, because one is mathematical fact and the other is inherently subjective.

>If 100 other people with equivalent expertise disagree with the opinion of the expert in question, then the expert in question is wrong.

Do you think that the majority of ex-police officers would disagree with his opinion? I don't think that this expert witnesses opinion is as rare as this comment makes it out to be.

This line of arguments wouldn't have been used if the prosecution called an expert witness that said that his use of force was excessive, but it's equally as valid. We aren't taking a sample of 100 expert witnesses to determine the range of beliefs among experts and determine the general consensus (Hint, it would almost assuredly be too mixed to come to a simple conclusion).

The fact remains that the jury is fully aware that the defense called this witness because he agreed with their statement. If they think that his opinion is too biased, they won't weigh it as heavily when coming to their decision.Not to mention that an expert witness can be called by the prosecution. Not to also mention that an expert witness is not the end all and be all of a juries decision making process. If the jury thinks that the evidence shown by the defenses expert witness is not well supported, they won't consider it as heavily.

People are so quick to jump to "This guy gave an opinion I don't like and now the jury will find him not guilty" even before we know the results...>the expert witness has been dishonest and incorrect

You can't be "incorrect" when giving an opinion. If someone says that abortion is murder, are they "incorrect"?

Abortion is killing a fetus. That is factual. Saying abortion is not killing a fetus would be factually incorrect and lying.

Abortion is murder is an opinion. Murder does not necessarily include the killing of a fetus. Murder is a legally defined term. Abortion being murder is a morally subjective and controversial topic of which people have various opinions. Those opinions are not factually right or wrong. You may claim they are morally right or wrong, but morality is also subjective.

The only way the expert witness was lying or committed perjury is if he actually didn't believe what he said, which is unlikely. We know (And you'd likely agree) that many cops *honestly* believe that this level of force is necessary. Those people would not be lying if they gave their opinion as "The level of force was reasonable".

Just because someone gives an opinion you disagree with doesn't mean they are lying or being dishonest.

>Most likely, the jury will use his testimony to acquit a murderer.

Most likely he will be found guilty. What suggests that he won't be found guilty? Even his own superior spoke out against him and stated that his actions don't fit within the policies of the police department. Not to mention the jury will likely fear for their lives if they found him not guilty for some reason (Because of witness intimidation such as that shown in this very article).

>As we can clearly see there's absolutely zero recourse to be taken against an "expert" witness whose main source of income is giving false testimony to defend corrupt LEOs.

Yeah, except the whole "terrorize them by throwing pigs blood all over their house as a threat of possible future violent actions".

>How does that conflict of interest not inherently taint an "experts" testimony?

And how does witness intimidation and threats of violence against anyone who believes that Chauvin wasn't guilty of the charges laid out against him not inherently taint a jury's verdict? This is why witness intimidation is illegal. The defense will 100% use this during an appeal. 

Spraying pigs blood on the expert witnesses house serves no benefit to the trial and only potentially hurts their objectives during future appeal. Not mention that they targeted the wrong house and the intimidation was AFTER he testified already.100% agree here. Violent protests are always justified eventually by at least part of the protest movement. "We protested for 2 days and nothing immediate happened, so now we're going to break and steal shit!".

I understand frustration, but not having immediate action doesn't justify violence and destruction of innocent peoples property. Change takes time and anyone who thinks there hasn't been extremely **fast** progress in the last 20 years on almost all social justice fronts is less than 20 years old. We're living in a safer and more accepting period of time than we ever have in history, and (in my opinion) the violent reactionaries are pushing it a little too fast. There may be a reversal in public opinion at some point if people don't temper themselves. Saying "The ends justify the means" is only right when you don't have other options. We have plenty of other options and we don't need to resort to violence to enact change.This is definitely not true. Many far-left people would want the trial shown because they want to make sure the trial is "fair" (Fair as defined by themselves) and believe that the system is corrupt and want to prove that's the case by watching the trial.

Many others just want to watch because it's "entertainment". Saying that only white supremacists want the trial televised seems like a very strange take. Additionally, stuff like this happens all the time. Cops have had severed pig heads put on their doorsteps before, even in non-televised trials.>Just because it's an opinion doesn't mean he didn't lie.

Opinions are non-factual by definition. You can't "lie" about your position on whether abortion is right or wrong for example. It's a morally subjective belief.

>Regardless, we know he lied, no one really holds that opinion.

Of course many people hold the opinion that force is necessary to keep a struggling suspect under control. Presumably you would agree that many cops would hold this belief. Many don't hold that belief because they want to hurt someone, they hold that belief because they actually think that it is necessary to prevent a suspect from moving. You can call it bad training or indoctrination and it may be awful to you, but that doesn't mean they are *lying* about their belief in that.

Just like political opinions, you can find an expert witness on any side of a controversial conversation. The defense obviously sought out an expert witness that believes that force to this level is necessary, and the prosecution would seek an expert witness that disagrees. That's the nature of controversial topics, there are a range of beliefs. Saying that someone is lying because they don't agree with you is ridiculous.>tbh its kind of embarrassing to have your conception of justice so deeply intertwined with the law. Under your

What would your version of "justice" be? That he be executed? Trial by jury is supposed to indicate what level-headed people of society deem as being appropriate after absorbing all available information, acting with limited bias, and determining whether there is enough proof to deem guilt (Not deem innocence). The defense and the prosecution can throw out a juror for being biased, and I guarantee that thinking that "Justice doesn't come from the law" would have you instantly thrown out as a juror, likely by both sides.

> There isn't really room for progress unless you are able to accept that the status quo, and the legal process that enforces it, as unjust.

Likewise, assuming that there is no justice in the court system is ridiculous and simply a way of being upset when your pre-conceived idea of what is right and what is wrong isn't confirmed by the court system. If you get upset every time you "lose" and blame the system, you're not accepting that sometimes you're just wrong. 

The court system isn't perfect, but acting as though it's such a sham that it needs to be abolished in place of...? Twitter mob justice? is simply ridiculous.>Brad Pitt can get any girl he wants because he's hot, but Quasimodo can be kind and generous and will never get anyone.

Perhaps not, but Brad Pitt very likely **can** get any girl he wants, and some poor homely person will not be able to date a model in 99% of all cases. Attractiveness plays a major role in forming relationships and no matter what society tries to tell you, a traditionally attractive person will have a much easier time finding a partner than someone who is otherwise in the exact same position but not traditionally attractive.

The overwhelming majority of women wouldn't look at someone who looks like Brad Pitt and say "Hmm, not my type" and reject him (Aside from his age, but I'm assuming we are talking about his hay days).

>I guess if you take it a little more vaguely and say it means that if I find you attractive, I'll put up with more, then maybe it makes a little more sense, but in that sense, it doesn't seem to matter anymore.

Except it matters when we are talking about what is deemed creepy and what isn't. A group of girls getting hit on by a model looking guy vs getting hit on by a fat neckbeard guy will elicit an extremely different response and the fat man may be labelled as a creep among the women afterwards. I've seen it personally from guys hitting on girls in public in what I would deem a perfectly normal manner. Looks play a major role in life period. [Physically attractive people are more likely to be hired, advance faster in their careers, and earn higher wages](https://www.forbes.com/sites/tomaspremuzic/2019/07/17/its-time-to-expose-the-attractiveness-bias-at-work/?sh=b48225213248), pretending it doesn't extend to dating, where physical attraction is a key principle, is ridiculous.Obviously... Because people are prejudice against cops... ACAB right? Where are all the ACAB people here? 

You don't need to love cops, you don't need to think they're all great, but saying ALL cops are bastards, that ALL police departments hate black people and go out of their way to torment or kill them, that ALL police departments punish people for pointing out corrupt cops, etc is patently stupid. Painting any group with a single brush is the definition of prejudice.As a cop you practice drawing your gun literally thousands and thousands of times. It becomes second nature. Drawing a gun in a situation you're trained to do so is not surprising really.

I'm willing to bet that cops practice drawing a gun 100x more often than they practice drawing a taser. That doesn't make it fine that she shot someone, but it's an understandable accident to me.To quote /u/polite_alpha 

> The guy has felonies in his record - aggravated robbery, violation of bail by possessing a firearm and such.

Doesn't sound like he's a "non-violent person" frankly. The guy is clearly a felon who is escaping arrest. No, he didn't deserve to die for it, but that doesn't mean that you just go  "Welp guess he doesn't want to be here, oh well!"I have one other comment, also in this thread that points out the exact same sentiment I expressed above. I have another comment within the past 4 or so days that points out that Reddit doesn't like China, which is simply factually true. "Frequently" comes to the defense of China seems pretty conspiracy theorist-y. Not everyone on Reddit is a brain-washed American who is starved for war because they haven't invaded another country in the past 30 days.

You want me to address his comment?

>Spending doesn't matter when there is a larger, better equipped, well-trained force at your door. Not only that the majority of world powers will back the US in a China vs US conflict.

The US is better equipped, but China would win any fight that takes place in Chinese territory, you'd need to be naive to think that the US could invade China and come out ahead. China is a world super power. This isn't like sieging ISIS or killing starving villagers in Vietnam. I also don't think the majority of world powers would back the US in a China vs. US war. This war would started by the US deciding that they want to attack China. The powers that be will not engage in a fight with China over China being mean in South-east Asia. Only the US would be so stupid.

>China really isn't that close, and they know that. Posturing is all they're doing. Nuclear war isn't an option. Outright war isn't either. They will lose, terribly.

Nuclear war is clearly an option. They have nuclear weapons. They also have anti-ballistic defenses. This entire statement is classic American chest beating that they would just roll up, show China the middle finger and China will go run and hide. China wouldn't give a single fuck sending 50 million people to war against an invading American force, probably even more. They're an authoritarian dictatorship and their citizen brainwashing is only second to the US itself. Do you think the American people would accept sending even half of that amount to war against China? Numbers matter a lot too, especially during an invasion.

Yes, China is posturing, that is obvious, China doesn't want a war, the US also doesn't want a war, or they fucking shouldn't at the very least. If the arm-chair badasses here on Reddit were in control, we'd have probably never left Vietnam.

The reason I even made my comment is because /u/narf007 seems to think that a war between China and the US would be a good time and just simply splendid. This kind of thought process is terrifying to anyone who isn't brainwashed because there hasn't been direct combat between two global superpowers since world war 2, and I'd rather not be involved in a world war 3 with nuclear super powers because the US felt it needed to be the world police.I'm not a fan of Chinas foreign policy, but I'm an even bigger not-fan of US foreign policy. Your take here is exactly how I feel about this. The US positions itself as "correct" in every action they take. If the US does something, it was the right thing to do, regardless of the outcome.

Overthrowing communist governments to install "democracies" loyal to the US? Good thing to do because democracy is best, right? Well we as people living in a democracy think it's best, based on the metrics we came up with and were raised under. Everyone is biased to think that their beliefs are correct and anyone opposing them is wrong, but who are we to tell people what is right and wrong?

The US positioning itself around China is a completely aggressive move and would be the same as China positioning itself in the Caribbean and along the other borders. Is the US aggressive? Here's a hint: The person going halfway across the world with their military is not in a "defensive" position, that's clearly an aggressive position.

Frankly, the US stirring up shit with China is terrifying. Politicians are not afraid of war, not really. Civilians are the ones who will pay the price. And yet, looking through the comments, people seem to be celebrating this. They seem to be *so confident* that the US would squash China without taking any damage. Warfare is never so simple, it's never clean, it's never without side effects and consequences. People really need to stop drinking the Kool-Aid and recognize that they're the ones who will suffer from this. Do you really want to die fighting China? Do you want your brothers and sisters to die? There hasn't been a war between major powers since World War 2. In case you forget, it was pretty fucking bad. Weapons have only become more devastating since then. A war between China and the US will be fought with nuclear weapons. No one is coming out "victorious" from this.Oh yeah, definitely... Reddit loves the Chinese Communist Party. Definitely. Look at all the pro-Chinese posts that just cover the front page all the time. Look at all the responses in these posts that celebrate what China is doing.

Oh wait, it's the exact opposite. Get your head out of your ass. If anything, Reddit takes their hate of the CCP to such a level that it borders on being just Anti-Chinese and borderline racist.

And no, this post isn't defending China or their actions, but pretending that Reddit supports them is just such a blatantly idiotic thing to say that I had to call you out for your bullshit.Those states having higher RATES of incarceration mean nothing. Rate is by definition per 100k. It was arbitrarily decided to separate out the 2 top states, but not separate out other regions of other countries. Certain states in Brazil may have a higher incarceration rate than anywhere else, we wouldn't know because it's not separated out. The US is already at the top of the list, we don't need to further separate it out.You're right, I was mistaken, but that doesn't negate what I said.

>Do you seriously think that a country should value its enemy's lives more than their own soldiers' lives?

More? No. But valuing innocent civilians lives equal to your own lives? Yes. If we don't value innocent civilians lives of nations we are at war with, then we could justify just nuking every enemy no matter what? Clearly we've decided as a species that just nuking people isn't cool. 

Do you think we should just drop nukes all over Chinese cities because we are at war with them? Do you not understand the difference between killing civilians and killing military targets? Do you think that Vietnam soldiers going into villages and gunning down the women and children was good because we were at war? How fucked up in the head are you that you think killing innocent people is justifiable when you're at war with a nation?

Seriously, if you think that that's ok, you should really check your priorities.Why didn't they just nuke several military bases? It would show their strength. The whole reason Japan surrendered was because of fear of the nukes, not because of cities being nuked.

The fact remains that civilians were specifically targeted during a war. Try doing that nowadays and see how the human rights tribunal treats you. When the Syrian government gases its citizens, is it fine because some of them are enemy fighters? Or when Israel blows up buildings in Gaza right next to everyone else because they heard there was a terrorist there? It's a war crime to target civilians for a reason. But the US never gets equal treatment for anything they do, so no shocker there. 

Making several smaller nuclear devices and completely annihilating several military bases would have made the same impact on Japan's psyche without the need to target and kill over 200k innocent people.Purple hearts are only awarded to Americans who die in the war. Obviously dropping a nuke saves American lives, but that's not what we are talking about here. The argument made to support the nuking was that it saved JAPANESE lives. This argument is pretty unsupported.

Unless you mean that dropping the nukes was the least costly because we didn't place any value in Japanese lives... In which case... Yikes...When your reticle isn't on someone, it can be hard to know where to move your aim to get to them. This isn't even realistic, real collimators have adjustable brightness and would never look this bad in real life.

Why exactly do you defend this? Do you think that this is part of what makes Tarkov "hardcore", not being able to see your sight? What does this add to the game?Washing your hands is the same regardless of gender. The only difference between genders should be how long it takes to actually piss. Anything else is a problem that people created themselves by not using the bathroom as a bathroom and not a meeting spot.

If women don't want to wait in line so long, they should leave the bathroom faster and realize them fixing their makeup and doddling is what leads to the lineup.>This is obviously wrong.

Why? An orphan with no money is in the exact same financial position regardless of who they are. $0 is $0.

>That's... why it's generational.

And what if my grandparents lost all their money and had to start over again due to X reason? Blaming all your problems on your parents parents not having money is ridiculous, so many people don't get shit from their parents and are still successful. 

Stop blaming other people for your problems. Get a good education in a field that actually pays something, go to a school that isn't out of state or do some math about how long it will take you to pay off your debt with the job you'll get, live somewhere affordable, not a city that you can't afford. Spending 10k to move somewhere to save 3k a year pays itself off quickly. Spending 30k for a job that pays 10k more a year pays itself off quickly. Invest in yourself and make good decisions about your financial future. Stop having a defeatist attitude that you're doomed because your grandparents didn't have money and your parents don't have money, that's an extremely poor excuse.A lot of people's parents don't give them money or buy them anything. Someone whose family is middle class white who gives them nothing is in the same boat as someone who is a minority whose family gives them nothing. Starting with $0 doesn't care whether you're white or black, male or female, cis or trans. 

At some point your decisions and path in life are yours, not your great grandparents. In 100 years will people still be blaming generational poverty? 400 years? People have lost everything and come back from it.

The reason he shits on liberal arts is because they on average make less money. If you spend 100k + on an education without looking to see if the return on investment is good, you made a foolish decision. If you want to not treat education as a path towards a career and making more money, don't be shocked when you end up in a worse position than where you started.

It's a pretty simply concept. If you aren't going to make back the money you spend on college from a career, don't do it, do something else and make what you're interested in a hobby.But people don't want that job. They want to keep working at a hardware store with their bachelors of fine arts and earn the same money you did.

People treating school as learning and not a route to employment is why people are in this mess. Everyone telling you to "follow your passion" is an idealist. There are 3 options:

1. Follow your passion in a field that makes no money. You will have nothing and it's your fault.

2. Make your passion a hobby and get into a field that makes money (that doesn't just mean any STEM field, many STEM fields don't pay nowadays). You may not love your job, but the primary goal is to allow you to buy things to survive. Not everyone loves their job. Most people don't. 

2. Follow your passion in a field that makes money. Congratulations, this is the best case scenario.> Military folks are adults, they can handle sharing facilities with trans folks every day just like regular folks. 

Regular folks can't handle sharing female changerooms with mtf trans people who don't outwardly look like women (or men with tfm trans people), so that's not a good example.

>Trans people have been in the military for years already without issues.

Yes, presumably they have, but they weren't with female troops when they are mtf transgender, they were with the male troops and outwardly appeared as a man.

Pretending that this isn't a big change for the military, that there will be no issues associated with it at all and will just be a super smooth process is not true.That's a dumb assertion, plenty of people who aren't boomers have houses. Anyone who owns a house clearly appreciates housing prices increasing, anyone who doesn't clearly doesn't. 

If boomers were selling their houses and downsizing en masse there would be plenty of houses for sale, but there clearly isn't because demand outstrips supply.

The real issue is that there simply aren't enough houses for everyone. Living outside of a city is becoming increasingly terrible by comparison, so most people want to move to a city, and there aren't enough houses to support the influx. That's the problem. And it's not just foreign investors, [foreign investors own 3.4% and 4.8% of all residential properties in Toronto and Vancouver](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/pub/11-626-x/11-626-x2017078-eng.htm), but they rent those places out, so they aren't simply removed from the market.

The other issue is that Vancouver and Toronto don't represent the whole of Canada. Don't want to spend a million dollars on a closet? Don't live there. Live somewhere else. Demand for Vancouver and Toronto is outside of your price range, there's plenty of other cities in Canada you can live in.Do you live somewhere? I bet you do. Just because you can't live in your own giant house with just you and your dog doesn't mean you "don't have a roof on your head".

The economy is vastly more important than just housing, because it literally includes housing and various other facets of daily life. Maybe your issue is not being educated in how a national economy runs and the impacts of a devastating downturn. You don't have to look very far back in history to read about some examples.A fetus / baby has no understanding of gender or sexual identity. Gender reveal parties may more appropriately be called "sex reveal party", but at that point we are arguing something that seems inconsequential when referring to fetuses/babies, who again, have no understanding of gender.

I think gender reveal parties are dumb as a concept, but pretending the issue is that the baby doesn't know what gender it is seems like taking the whole thing a little far. Especially when the overwhelming majority of the time, the sex and future gender of the fetus/baby aligns. We should be supportive of gender minorities, but removing something that is not intended to harm anyone, and realistically, I don't think gender minorities care about at all because we (non gender minorities) think is offensive is diminutive.

Who is actually offended by this? Are the people we say this hurts actually offended by this? If they overwhelmingly aren't, then who cares? And no, not doing something because maybe 1 person is offended by it is not a good reason to not do something. British people might be offended that in the US you drive on the right side of the road, that doesn't mean that we should change our roads to allow them to continue driving on the left. We need to be realistic about what is actually offensive and warrants change and what doesn't.Neither really has a claim to either area. Modern China controls China, modern Taiwan controls Taiwan. The Taiwanese government lost a war and were pushed out of the country. Saying Taiwan has a claim to China is like if Louisiana hadn't joined the Union after the Civil War and claimed that the Confederates had a claim to the southern US, clearly they don't, they lost the war.

China likely could take over Taiwan with military force, but it would not be useful for them to do so, controlling a population that hates you is difficult. There would also be destruction of assets within Taiwan, making it less useful to China afterwards. It's simply not worth China's effort to invade and take over Taiwan.Subreddits don't matter when it's political. People don't browse specific subreddits, they just upvote what they see on /r/all or their frontpage, so anything that is generally political and supported by Reddit as a whole will be upvoted in any sub, assuming mods don't make a rule forbidding it.

A post like this would be upvoted in /r/funny if the mods didn't remove it. Reddit has gotten too large for subreddits to be distinct without strict moderation.>the white man thought, as an audience member, he knew more about race issues and had to correct the presenter then proceeded to swear at him.

If you read the article, which you clearly didn't, you'd know that when he interrupted him he was actually talking about the suffering of Quebecois people in the past and was saying that their suffering wasn't comparable to black suffering. The teacher, a Quebecois man, likely took offense to what he saw as someone downplaying their historical suffering (Which was definitely a thing, Quebecois people were second class citizens) and was upset.

Denigrating someone's suffering is generally seen as a dick move. Just because you suffered more doesn't make it right to tell someone that they didn't also suffer. We shouldn't be playing victim Olympics here.

If the black speaker said that the Holocaust wasn't as bad as black suffering and a white Jewish person interrupted him to argue, would it still be racist? Or does the Holocaust trump black slavery? Maybe we should just not compare suffering.Is it racist to interrupt a black person? Or is it just being an asshole?

If you read the article, you'd see that he only interrupted him when he started talking about how the suffering of the Quebecois people in the past and how their suffering wasn't as bad as the suffering of black people. The teacher is a French-Canadian. (For context, Quebecois were treated like actual shit and second class citizens)

Do you not see a situation in which the speaker is saying inflammatory remarks about the suffering of Quebecois? Funny how when you denigrate someone's suffering, it might make them upset. Just because your suffering was worse, doesn't mean that you can tell other people who suffered that they can't complain.

The speaker then says that it's internal racial bias from the teacher, based on nothing. The teacher may have also interrupted a white person shitting on the suffering of Quebecois as well, there's no proof of racism here at all... Speaking against a person who is a different skin color is not automatically racist. You can say he's an asshole, but the article clearly is trying to paint him as racist. If someone is being an asshole, but they happen to be black, you can still dislike them because they're an asshole, they aren't immune to criticism because of their race.

The article provides no context about what was said by the teacher, only that he was white and that he interrupted him and swore at the black speaker (Not a racial swear, as per the article btw). We have no idea what was actually said before or during, and we only have the speakers perspective, which is obviously biased towards himself.The whole reason this sub became like this is because of the massive influx of political posts over the past 4 years. This subreddit has just become a political subreddit where the content of the article is outrageous, as you said. This actually makes this subreddit worse than actual political subreddits for making people angry because most of actual politics is boring.When you know this rule, you can actually determine the race of the people involved. If the perpetrators skin color isn't listed, (s)he is white, because if they weren't white, listing it would get them more clicks. If the victims skin color isn't listed, (s)he is white, because if they weren't white, listing it would get them more clicks.

It's not just Reddit that artificially selects for these article titles, all media does this because they know that racial tensions sell clicks. It's literally causing racial division in society where people are starting to say that white people hate minorities when it's an extremely small subset of people who are committing hate crimes against people. Did you know that when you tar an entire group of people based on the color of their skin, they probably won't take it very well? Shocker.Black is a descriptor of their skin color, not their ethnic/moral identity. When the phrase was adopted decades ago, no one used it "because for most Black people in America, that is where their ethnic identity starts due the slave trade abruptly cutting their ancestors off from their original identity.". This concept of why they're called Black was adopted in the last 5 years, people weren't woke like this 50 years ago.

White means white skin color, a lot of people exclusively only refer to Europeans as white, while people from Middle Eastern regions would be considered Arab perhaps, or sometimes brown.

Black means you have black skin and would be an umbrella term for anyone from anywhere who has black skin, be that a slave ancestor from the US or someone who was always free from Africa. Black is descriptive of physical appearance, not a moral story about their past, otherwise many people from Africa wouldn't be allowed to be "Black", which is obviously ridiculous.

"White" is as much an ethnic identity as "Black" is in that neither of them are ethnic identities. All people with black skin around the world do not have a shared national or cultural tradition, neither do all people with white skin.I've also noticed in my life that Right-wing people tend to be more tolerant of people who don't believe the same things as them, while Left-wing people will actively hate someone for being Right-wing and refuse to associate with them in any way.

My belief is that the reason for this is that intolerance of right-wing people is (currently) socially acceptable. If you hurl insults at someone, refuse to speak to them, etc. all you need to say is "They're a fascist Nazi Trump supporter" and society nods and say "Ahh, ok, carry on". Specifically the media. Hating Right-wing people has never been more supported in society.

Do the same as a Right-winger and you'll be attacked for being intolerant, sexist, racist, etc.

Back during the cold war, the script would have been flipped I'm sure. Harassment of "commies" and "pinkos" would have been viewed as socially acceptable.

Personally, I think that hating someone for their political beliefs is silly. It's just another form of prejudice. You don't know who someone is or what their beliefs are simply by knowing what party they vote for any more than you know someone's identity and their position in life by knowing the color of their skin. And despite what people think, most people are far more centrist than Reddit or other young liberal social media platforms might suggest, and even more people simply don't give two shits about politics, as long as they have a job and time to spend with loved ones, they couldn't care less.

I think the only way that we're going to fix the division in America and by extension, the growing division in other countries is by taking some of the emotion out of politics. People take everything so extremely personally, they're willing to exaggerate or stretch the truth if it fits the narrative they want to create. They think the ends justify the means, but it really doesn't. If you hate when the other side does it, it's the same shit when you do it. People are so hung up on everything, phrases akin to "Well my party is better and the other party is inherently evil and has never done anything good ever and is intentionally destroying America and they're all Hitler Nazis!" do not help anything and are simply ridiculous things to say. It's real life karma farming and circlejerking that doesn't convince anyone to do anything they weren't already going to do, but causes the two sides to split even further apart. We need to start being honest to ourselves about both our own parties problems and the other parties problems. Simply saying "Everything they do is the worst thing they could ever do!" is disingenuous and counter-productive.

People will probably say "When one parties actively hates you for being you, then doing everything you can to destroy/hate them is acceptable", to which I would say: No, it's not. Society by and large is moderately accepting of all things. You don't need to lie to get your way, it just provides fuel for the other side and their supporters to rally behind. Change takes time. Same sex intercourse was decriminalized in the first state in 1962 (Illinois). Bill Clinton enacted "Don't ask, don't tell" in 1994. Same-sex marriage was legally recognized in the first state in 2004 (Massachusetts). Same-sex couples are pretty well supported by the majority of the US population at this point, yes there are some places where you're treated worse by some people, but we've come an extremely long way in a pretty short amount of time realistically.

Also, fuck me for making /r/TheMonkeysPaw political, I'm an asshole contributing to making non-political subreddits political and I hate myself for it.Also, the post implies that everyone who was living abroad voted in support of Brexit... Likely if they knew that they wouldn't be able to live in the country they currently live in, they wouldn't have voted for it... It's like saying that all the Americans who complained about Trump shouldn't have voted for him, presumably they didn't... It's not like Brexit had 100% approval.There's an even easier way to defend companies that do this:

Those companies are going to spend money on advertising regardless. If that advertising comes in the form of offering scholarships to people, that's better than the alternative, which is them just simply advertising.

People treat this as though there was two options for the company. Why would Burger King ever do something out of the good of their heart? They're a business designed to make money. Any philanthropy they do was weighed in the boardroom to lead to a positive financial outcome through positive PR.Did you say the same thing when he was signing all of his controversial bills? Either the president is just a glorified stamp or he's not.

We've already decided that Trump is responsible for everything that the GOP did wrong, the past 4 years made it perfectly clear that that's how reddit feels (they even blame every single death from Covid on Trump specifically), so if you are going to place blame on someone for the bad things their party does, you need to give them credit on the good things their party does. It's not a one way street.

You can't get blamed for signing bad bills and then turn around and not get any credit for signing good bills, that's just ridiculous.I bet you had the exact same opinion about Trump just signing things back when he was president and signing extremely controversial bills. I bet you said "Actually Trumps not a bad guy, he's just signing what McConnell hands him". I'm sure you didn't put blame on Trump at all...

If someone gets credit for signing bad bills, they get credit for signing good bills, this isn't a one way street.That's not a brain dead way of looking at it... You would be 1.7 million rubles ahead of your cost curve if you had never bought the gpu, minus the extra 1k rubles/hour you gain.

Let's say you have 100 million rubles, each gpu costs 1 million rubles, each bitcoin is 1 million rubles, and each extra gpu gives you the equivalent of an extra 25,000 rubles/day. This is for ease of math.

>Option 1 - You don't buy a GPU.

Day 0: You have 100 million rubles

Day 1: You have 101 million rubles

Day 2: You have 102 million rubles

...

Day 40: You have 141 million rubles

Day 41: You have 142 million rubles

>Option 2 - You buy another GPU for 1 million rubles. 

Day 0: You have 99 million rubles and an extra gpu making bitcoins.

Day 1: You have 100 million rubles + 25k rubles

Day 2: You have 101 million rubles + 50k rubles

...

Day 40: You have 140 million rubles + 1 million rubles. Now you've actually paid off the gpu because you've reached the point in which you are making more money than if you had never bought the GPU on day 0.

Day 41: You have 141 million rubles + 1 million rubles + 24k rubles. You're officially making extra money due to your GPU purchase from day 0.

The other thing no one seems to ever consider is the Scav Case.

The Scav Case is a gambling mechanic, but if it on average returned say, 20k every time you sent them out, and the cost to purchase the Scav Case was 4 million rubles worth of items, you would on average need to send Scavs out 200 times to repay the initial cost of buying the Scav Case. The difference between the Scav Case and the Bitcoin Farm is that the Bitcoin Farm is not gambling, it's consistent money so you can calculate the rate of return easily.You are spending 1,700,000 rubles to increase your crafting rate by a very small amount. 

For example:

At 25 GPUs your crafting rate is 1 bitcoin every 12.76 hours. This is about **58,650 rubles/hr**.

The next gpu costs you 1,700,000 rubles, and increases your crafting rate to 1 bitcoin every 12.48 hours. This is about **59,948 rubles/hr**.

That's only a difference of **1,298 rubles/hr** for spending **1,700,000 rubles**. That means it takes you 54.56 days to earn back the cost of the gpu from the additional rubles you gain from the extra GPU.

Yes, you can pay off the cost of your GPU with 2 bitcoins, but you would have essentially made the same amount of bitcoins in the same amount of time whether you bought the extra GPU or not. You're only looking at it from the perspective of "How long until I'm in the same position I was before buying the GPU", not from an actual $/hr standpoint. This is all about Return on Investment (ROI).

However, of course, if you have a ton of extra money, you might as well dump it into GPUs as soon as you can, because after 55 days, you'll be making straight cash, rather than buying a new GPU every second day and staying in the same spot money wise.

The fuel cost is completely insignificant with the current price of bitcoins. With a solar farm and my current hideout level, it costs me $2,641.62/hr to run my hideout with metal fuel tanks. But in theory, you can add that cost in somehow and it would make buying an extra GPU slightly more cost effective, but it's insignificant when you're talking about making 60k+ an hour.

Also, if you look at the actual formula, the rate in which crafting time for a bitcoin decreases actually means that each new GPU takes the exact same time to pay-off as the previous one, so if you buy 10 GPUs all at once, they'll all pay themselves off after the same period of time.>When I was dating I regularly pulled girls way out of my league because I don't have the social skills of a rock.

That would require you to match with them first, so you're really not saying anything about whether ugly to completely average men fare. 

The average guy matches with 1% of their right swipes. Period. It says nothing at all about whether they have success afterwards. If you matched with more than 1% of your right swipes, you are above average attractiveness and can't say definitively that social skills are what matters. Before matching, the only thing a girl has to go off of is your physical appearance.He didn't actually even hit anybody, and if you watch the video, honestly wasn't that close even.

https://abc7.com/diamond-bar-rally-confrontation-sparks-hate-crime-investigation/10442400/

It looks like he was trying to get through an intersection that people just kept streaming through the crosswalk and he wasn't able to pass, saw a small opportunity and drove through, then everyone was hitting his car and he used a racist insult at them. Clearly not the best thing to do, but calling it a "car ramming" when he didn't even hit anybody seems a little dramatic.If you watch the video, he didn't actually even hit anybody, honestly wasn't that close even. He drove past like 3 people. It's barely even an incident.

https://abc7.com/diamond-bar-rally-confrontation-sparks-hate-crime-investigation/10442400/

It looks like he was trying to get through an intersection that people just kept streaming through the crosswalk and he wasn't able to pass, saw a small opportunity and drove through, then everyone was hitting his car and he used a racist insult at them. Clearly not the best thing to do, but calling it a "car ramming" when he didn't even hit anybody seems a little dramatic.He didn't actually even hit anybody, and if you watch the video, honestly wasn't that close even.

https://abc7.com/diamond-bar-rally-confrontation-sparks-hate-crime-investigation/10442400/

It looks like he was trying to get through an intersection that people just kept streaming through the crosswalk and he wasn't able to pass, saw a small opportunity and drove through, then everyone was hitting his car and he used a racist insult at them. Clearly not the best thing to do, but calling it a "car ramming" when he didn't even hit anybody seems a little dramatic.>Are you saying they might actually lose money because of violating environmental regulations?

Again, you're being hyperbolic. Obviously a multi-million dollar fine is something companies would rather avoid... Not only from a financial perspective, but a public image perspective as well, even giant oil and gas companies want to protect what little positive public perception they have left. 

>When I get a speeding ticket, my income level (whether net or gross) isn't taken into account at all. Why should a company's income level be taken into account for its fines?

You're the one who is saying income should play a part, I'm the one saying that you need to base an income based fine on the right kind of income, not just the volume of sales.

If you're going to employ an income based fine, that's fine and I think it's reasonable, but it can't be based on gross income, that's ridiculous. 

Many countries actually do employ income based fines for speeding tickets, but let's say you owned a small grocery store, they wouldn't charge you based on how much your store made which could be in the millions, excluding the cost of the goods you purchased. They'd fine you based on what you actually made and took home from the job, which would be an order of magnitude less. Why would a big business be different? 

The variation in how businesses operate would mean that this would adversely impact different businesses when it should impact them all the same, take this for example:

  | Company A | Company B
---|----|----
Sale Price (ea) | $1.00 | $100.00
Number Sold | 10,000,000,000 (10B) | 50,000,000 (50M)
Gross Income | $10,000,000,000.00 ($10B) | $5,000,000,000.00 ($5B)
Cost of Goods (ea) | $0.95 | $80.00
Total Cost of Goods | $9,500,000.00 ($9.5B) | $4,000,000,000.00 ($4B)
Profit Margin | 5% | 20%
Net Revenue | $500,000,000.00 ($500M) | $1,000,000,000 ($1B)
Resulting Fine Impact | 1x (Control) | 4x

A fine based on Gross Income would hurt Company A twice as much as Company B, when Company A actually makes half as much money as Company B. There is 4x as much impact to Company A as Company B (You can simply look a the profit margin to determine the resulting impact disparity). That makes no sense. A company that sells cheaper products in higher volumes does not make more money than a company that sells more expensive products in lower quantities, but a system based on Gross Income would say it does.See your point about the economy being upturned being an interesting mechanic of the game and I actually agree with you, it mirrors the chaotic nature of a post apocalyptic world and fits with tarkovs theme in a way. But then they still try to control it through (in my opinion) the worst possible ways.

They should either leave it alone and let the economy being wierd and dynamic or they should control the price of bitcoin entirely. Changing things every few weeks in a way that fucks over random items and people who use certain items or play a certain way is trying to fix the issue from the wrong direction. If bitcoin are the problem, then deal with it directly. Indirect changes have too much impact on other parts of the economy. Simply reducing the price (you mine 0.1 btc instead of 0.2, or lowering the rate) has a much more controlled and minimal impact on the rest of the economy.

This is why there are complaints.The tetriz to bitcoin trade at Mechanic was changed to include a green battery (hyperinflating the price of any other trade that uses green batteries because the price skyrocketed) and they also limited it to 100 stock each trader wipe. So essentially bots camp the trade and instantly trade their tetriz+green battery (which is cheaper than the price of a bitcoin btw, so they are making free money from the trade) for a bitcoin.

Now when players find a tetriz they might as well sell it on the flea market because they'll never be able to make the trade for it.

As to why bsg thinks that the tetriz -> bitcoin trade was the reason for inflation in the game and not the bitcoin farm is astounding to me.

What bsg needs to do to fix this issue is stop the bandaid fixes and decrease the rate of bitcoin crafting exclusively or untie the price of bitcoin in game from the real life price.Sure, but lets take a look at Royal Dutch Shell for example:

Net Income in 2018: [$23.91B USD](https://www.statista.com/statistics/260287/royal-dutch-shells-net-income/#:~:text=Shell%20in%20history%20and%20today,the%20Royal%20Dutch%20Petroleum%20Co.)

Total Revenue in 2018: [$338.38B USD](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/RDS-A/financials/)

Anyone who has run a business will tell you that you are doing extremely well if you are making 20% profit margin. A lot of industries make less than 5% profit margin, such as construction or retail. I've heard that some large grocery stores operate with nearly 1% profit margins. As to why someone would run a business with such a small margin when investing in the market with long term GICs could net you better returns... I couldn't say...

But this means that your gross income will be at least 5x higher than your actual take-home net income. A fine on gross income would mean you're being punished for being high volume. Companies with higher profit margins would pay lower fines, despite making more money, which makes no sense.

Companies make negative profits some years because they do things like heavily invest in something that will pay off in the following years. Opening 100 new stores will likely mean that you lost money that year, but next year, you'll have the additional income of 100 new stores. The government wants to encourage growth of businesses, not punish high volume producers. Punishments should be on the actual money earned, not on volume sold.

And there would be no world where a fine of 25% on a negative amount of income would be used to suggest the government pay the company, don't be hyperbolic.On paper solar isn't necessary, but once you hit the 25/25 gpu limit on bitcoin farm level 2 you need to buy solar to continue adding gpus and increase your profit.

Yes, it's a huge money sink, and will take a long time to pay off. Each additional gpu after the first takes almost 40 days to pay off based on the increase in bitcoin crafting rate, price of bitcoin, and price of gpu. Add on the up front cost of the solar panel and you're probably looking at an effective pay off period of 2 months or more for the additional 25 gpus you add to level 3 bitcoin farm.

I'm disappointed because I'm sitting at 21/25 gpus and was going to buy the solar panel yesterday but decided to wait until I hit 25/25 gpus. I should have known there would be further nerfs to the hideout. At this point going past 25/25 gpus will likely not be worth it for me as I likely won't be playing the wipe still in 2 months time.Shouldn't that be yearly net income, not gross...? Some of these big companies gross income would be an order of magnitude larger than the net income. You'd essentially be fining them several years of profits for an infraction, likely bankrupting them entirely. The corporate death penalty for any environmental infraction seems pretty severe, especially since removing the only energy company in an area would have pretty negative consequences for the well being of the people in that area.

I do think that fines should be actual fines, but not excessive.Here's a hint for you: anytime anyone talks about taxes and big companies tax rates, you are 1000x more knowledgeable, realistic, and correct than the reddit comments. No one on reddit knows shit about anything, they just post whatever will get them karma and follow the circlejerk, or just post outrage because they hate everything.

Redditors believe they are smart, but they are laymen on every single topic. So trust yourself over anything you read here.I bet you're lying. You're just parroting what he said to not sound like a hypocrite. But I hope this conversation topic makes you realize that there is still plenty you can do if you truly cared about the environment to this level.

Passing the blame onto a consumer **is valid** when they are purchasing something that is either a luxury item or has alternatives that pollute less. I don't blame oil and gas companies for vehicle and gas related pollution because there are alternatives that use electricity and I and many others choose not to use them. These companies produce oils and gas because we buy them. If we didn't buy them, they wouldn't continue to produce and burn them for no reason.

Now, there are people in society who can't afford an electric vehicle, so those people should not be blamed for their pollution, but that doesn't mean the blame falls back on the company producing the gas.

The flip side of this is that these companies have worked against alternatives intentionally. But that can hardly be blamed either, they are a business and businesses work to keep competitors down. They aren't doing it out of hatred of the environment, they are doing it to protect themselves and their revenue.

No one intentionally wants to hurt the environment, and in fact, a lot of people who work in oil and gas recognize that they work in an industry that is bad for the environment, but they also recognize that they need a job and that oil and gas is necessary for the world right now.Probably because, unfortunately, the majority of sex workers at massage parlors are Asians. If there is an overwhelming majority of massage parlor sex workers who are Asian (Actually, Asians are overrepresented in all massage parlor workers, legal and illegal), when you specifically target massage parlor sex workers, you end up targeting more Asian people.

If 4% of the general population is Asian, but 80% of the massage parlor sex workers are Asian, then when you target massage parlor sex workers, 80% of the victims will be Asian. It's simply statistics. If you read the article, you'd notice that there were white women killed as well.Exactly. 

He stated that he shot up these places because [he believed] they were sex workers and tempting him into sin. 

His roommate (?) stated he frequented massage parlors and presumably had sexual interactions while there, making him feel guilty and he presumably felt he had committed an unforgivable sin. He responded by deciding to rid the world of those he saw as the people who tempted him into sin. In his mind, this likely would be looked at positively by god.

The fact that the people at the massage parlor were Asian is irrelevant. He killed them because [he believed] they were sex workers. The fact that he didn't just go to a random Asian food restaurant but drove to several other massage parlors proves that it was not motivated by Asian hatred.

Could it be Asian related? I supposed it could be. There is almost no evidence that he did it because they were Asian specifically, which would presumably need to be shown for that to be lumped in as a reason. More likely is that a lot of massage parlors (completely legal and non-legal alike) employ a lot of Asian people. So when someone targets massage parlors, they are inherently going to be killing a larger representative sample size of Asian people.

It's also clearly not general "women hating". He specifically targeted people that he believed to be sex workers. He did not target random women passerby's on the street like many other "women hating" shootings/killing sprees.

People trying to make this general sexism or racism related are ridiculous, in my opinion. It's clearly sex worker related, in my opinion. Every single nutjob doesn't need to be a racist incel to fit the narrative."the only relevant goal was putting someone on the moon".

The goal of the space race was to put a rocket into space so you could nuke anyone anywhere. The soviets won. There was no stated goal on the space race after that point. Americans claim the goal was putting someone on the moon because they won that one and it's a "cool" achievement.

It's propaganda and typical American nationalism.Of course he's American. And the Wikipedia article was written by Americans as well. Americans are such sore losers that they need to brag about every meaningless milestone they achieved first because they need to prove to themselves that they were the best.

There's people in this thread saying:

The Soviets were heavily subsidized by the government. And this somehow takes away from the achievements? Didn't realize that NASA was privatized.

The soviets did it first, but Americans did it better. How does one quantify a "better" lunar flyby?

The soviets did it first, but Americans did it multiple times/repeated these tasks. And the soviets couldn't have if they wanted to?

The soviets were unsafe. As though the Americans didn't have any disasters and didn't end up with dead astronauts.

The soviets vehicles were bad. Didn't realize the Soyuz, which is still in use was such a bad launch vehicle.

The lunar landing was the only important one on this list. While certainly difficult and a great achievement, putting the first mammal (or really just any large animal that is comparable to a human physiologically) in space or first human in space is arguably equally as important as it set the foundation for everything else.

As with everything, Americans are so indoctrinated that they refuse to accept that there were other superpowers that were competitive with them in the past and likely will be in the future (if not already).You took a college course in the US that told you all about the achievements of the US and how they are the best country in the world? I'm shocked that an American college would cherry pick their own results to slag the soviet union and hold the achievements of the US over all others.

There's a reason that Americans always point to the moon landing as evidence they were and always have been the best. It's propaganda and you're just supporting it.Clearly the person replying to you is inherently biased towards the US. Does it matter that the US did all these things "better" than the soviets? No. This is about firsts. And does it matter that the US repeated these tasks multiple times? No. Clearly the soviets could have as well. It wasn't pure luck that got the soviets all of these accolades. 

This entire thread reads like a bunch of Americans salty that the soviets actually accomplished something in a field that the Americans think they own the rights to. There's a reason only the moon landing is brought up when it comes to space. 

I mean, it's honestly a joke. "they were heavily subsidized". Obviously? All space programs are paid for by the government. That doesn't take away from the accomplishment. The Soyuz is obviously an amazingly robust vehicle, the fact that the base design has been in use so long proves that's the case.I don't think this counts for clothes. Men's clothes are pants and shirts. Those are unisex. There are no "male clothes" except maybe a wife beater, but even with that, women have identical shirts that are very clearly female shirts that no one would confuse with a traditional wife beater (there must be a real name for this style of shirt for a man that isn't so offensive...). 

Female specific clothes are things like skirts, dresses, crop tops (?), very short shorts. Everything else it comes down to the style as to whether it would be classified as male vs female.

Gatekeeping is also not a male onto female activity. Men gatekeep men just as hard, niche music industry is awful for it. The anime community seems pretty bad. The gaming community fights among itself about what a "real gamer" even is, pc vs console, Xbox vs PS. And women gatekeep men from female things as well. It's not sexism, it's tribalism.

Masculine and feminine are determined by society as a whole. They're also a moving target. Men used to wear makeup, high heels, and wigs, now it is seen as feminine. It's not bullshit, it's defined by society as a whole.Synapse 3 is so much worse than Synapse 2. Synapse 2 was simple, not flashy, and just worked. 

Synapse 3 fails to launch alongside Razer central. Synapse 3 randomly closes itself several times a day. Synapse 3 sometimes fails to switch profiles. Synapse 3 takes over a second to switch profiles when switching applications and freezes your mouse when doing so, being extremely jarring.

These issues have been present since it's inception and Razer support doesn't do anything about it. Especially the last one. Freezing between switching profiles seems to happen to almost everyone and Razer treats it as a hardware issue when it's clearly a software issue. They wrote bad software for Synapse 3 and don't let you run the clean bloat free Synapse 2 on your Trinity. I legitimately want to buy a closed box Chroma just so I don't need to use this dumpster of a software.

Razer has never had good hardware, and the Trinity seems worse than past Nagas. The side buttons release point is too low, meaning that you stop "pressing" it way before the key "releases". Double click issues are as present as ever. etc. And now they have bad software too. I love the feel of the Naga, and I absolutely love the side buttons, but I'm just so disappointed in Razer and the abusive relationship.Not to burst your bubble, but Trump pushed pretty hard for the whole Project Warpspeed thing, in case you forgot. 

Additionally, the hoax thing was said pretty early days, and it was in reference to the side effects/fatality rate (regardless, it was a dumb statement because fatality rate in early days was massive). He never suggested that Covid didn't exist, the hoax was that it was *so bad*. Stupid thing to say yes, but infinitely better than saying it didn't exist at all.No kidding. Crypto is not a company... It's a speculative stock at best. It's value is largely determined by whether people think the value is going to go up. There are plenty of actual company stocks that are speculative as well. Tesla is a prime example. Twitter makes no money and still stays afloat out of shear speculative power. Uber hemorrhages money and their share price goes up. There are plenty of examples that are practically 1:1 analogous to bitcoin, a pyramid scheme is not one of them...

Convincing someone that something has value is literally how all brands function. What does your Gucci shirt do better than your Walmart shirt? Why is it worth more?

"Profit off all the people buying into your worthless product" Who are these people that are selling bitcoin as a business? The miners? Most miners aren't racking in big money. Bitcoin value going up doesn't inherently mean mining becomes more profitable. If it was so easy to make tons of money, giant companies like Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Nvidia, and AMD would be mining.And he got insanely lucky. There are hundreds to thousands of other cryptocurrencies that are completely worthless, even if you had 1,000,000 of them. Bitcoin wasn't created to make money, it's not a business. It was something that was created for fun or as an interesting idea most likely, the person or people who created it then likely ran it and collected a lot of bitcoins, but they would have been worth exactly $0 for years and years.

Everyone seems to be pretending that the people/person who made it is some genius evil business man who wanted to create a company that destroys the world for self profit. They would have never envisioned bitcoin becoming what it is today.There is complete truth to it. No country on earth has caught every case they've had. Countries that barely test can point fingers at a country who tests a shit ton and say how much better they're doing, but realistically they have no idea.

Death rate is the only real metric that is usable, everything else has way too many factors that play into it. And even death rate is impacted by the countries quality of healthcare and how they report covid deaths (or if they even do). 

Anyone who uses this sort of statement as proof of "stupidity" is drinking the tribalism kool-aid. Just because someone you don't like says something doesn't mean it's automatically dumb, address the merit of the statement and actually analyze the implications.

People have been shitting on the US for how its handled covid, but the cumulative death per capita rate is almost identical between the European Union and North America (1231.48 vs 1272.93 / 100k, respectively). We could also consider the generally less healthy nature of North Americans to Europeans, but we don't need to dive into stats and numbers that are subjective.

The US is also #14 for cumulative tests per capita. With many countries that are ahead of them being very small countries (Luxembourg, Cyprus, Bahrain, Andorra, Malta are among those with higher testing rates). The US has an average case fatality rate of 1.8% over the entire pandemic so far (including early stages when no one knew what to do) and had a lower case fatality rate than Europe for the majority of the pandemic (they're very similar right now). 

For the last year, all we heard about is how badly Trump fucked up the response. Trumps rhetoric certainly didn't help public health, but Trump didn't make Americans the way they are, we would have had the same response regardless of who was in power, and frankly, if you just look at the numbers, the US response really wasn't as bad as its made out to be... When you have 10x the population of most other countries, having 10x the cases or 10x the deaths shouldn't surprise anyone... I don't know whether people intentionally didn't want to understand it because they hated Trump so much, or if they truly don't understand what per capita means... And I don't know which would make me more upset...You almost always get the 6B-15 back on insurance, and the first repair brings it to 39.5 armor. So you basically get a better armor, then get it back on insurance and get the same armor as the 6B3TM. If you get 2 uses out of it, it's automatically better. Additionally, I wouldn't want to use an armor with less than 35 total armor regardless, even on a super budget run, so using the 6B3TM multiple times is not something I'd want to do.

The 6B-15 is also cheaper in the first place.

Overall, I'd definitely say it's the better bet. You can basically sell the armor for half the cost after you get it back regardless.Nothing quite like guilty until proven innocent.

I'm all for holding people accountable, but this isn't how society is supposed to function. 

Also, if there was a rule that said that police can't use encrypted messaging services, if an officer was using it, the officer would be punished, not the superiors. It's also not apparent whether it's even illegal to use in the first place just based on the statement. It should be, but if it's not, then you can't really punish someone for it, you need to change the law.The reason he defended Weinstein is because no other (actually good) lawyer was going to. A random public defense lawyer for a high profile case is basically the same thing as having no representation, they just aren't qualified. 

He felt that it was everyone's right to have a lawyer to represent them and that a lawyers job is to make sure everyone gets a fair shake of the law, and to not be overly punished for the crime they commited.

Why do you think defense lawyers take on clients who plead guilty? Do you think they support the crime that the client commited? Of course not. But they believe that justice should be fair.

The fact that all these upcoming lawyers don't understand or believe that even guilty people deserve representation is disappointing but not at all surprising, based on what we've been seeing over the past decade.

Criminal defense lawyers are treated like shit by other lawyers because everyone is too blinded by emotion to understand that defending a guilty person who did something horrible doesn't mean you endorse what they did.This is very similar to the Orphan Well program, wherein companies need to put money into a fund to pay for remediation of an oil well before it's even created in the event that the company goes bankrupt or is unable to pay to remediate the well. Orphan Wells ended up costing the government millions to billions of dollars. Partly because the companies who opened them didn't pay out of malice, partly because they legitimately went bankrupt and ceased to exist.

Creating a system that makes it so that you don't end up in financial troubles in the future should be looked at positively.Comments in this thread are saying that Biden should remove all the Republican appointed members of the board and put in "vetted" Republicans (i.e. people beholden to him, actually Democrats, but Republican in name). The acting party is only allowed to hold 4 out of the 9 seats, with the President forming one such seat. 

So basically Reddit wants Biden to overthrow the government and appoint himself dictator. Ironic, isn't it?>As much as I want to bitch about our mail carrier, I know there's a lot of other things in the system causing problems so I try not to blame him.

No offense, but delivering to the wrong house is not a symptom of a bad mail system, it's a symptom of a bad mail delivery person. They fucked up with delivery, not distribution.

As a Canadian, Canada Post has left our [super mailbox](https://i.cbc.ca/1.1693872.1393184039!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_780/hi-bc-130730-super-mailbox-8col.jpg) (mailbox for a neighborhood) completely open for anyone to take anything they want 3 times this past year. That is 100% the mail delivery persons doing, not Canada Post. Canada Post is shit for many other reasons, but that incident is not their fault.As of September, 8,864,180 people in Canada filed for CERB, out of a population of around 37,590,000. Many of those people are too young to work, or are not working. Estimated Canadian workforce size is ~20 million.

So almost **half** of all people in Canada claimed that they lost their job due to Covid. [Unemployment rate was not 50%...](https://financialpost.com/opinion/allan-lanthier-fraud-and-error-under-cerb-may-be-even-worse-than-we-thought). Government officials claimed that it was preposterous that there would be even 200,000 fraudulent claims, back in June. Well, by June there had already been [190,000 repayments due to fraud](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/cerb-repayments-claims-tips-abuse-1.5605838).

There's no way there aren't millions of cases of fraud, but the government will never be able to deal with it, they'll just forgive these people and they'll walk away with an extra 10 grand for doing nothing. 

So 90% of the money going where it's supposed to seems pretty good when Canada is looking at around 1/4 of the population making fraudulent CERB claims.Of course it does???

Someone says they're stressed due to the pandemic, responding:

"My kids are a great stress relief to me, I love getting off work and spending time with them. You should have kids!"

vs.

"If you're so stressed you should just take time off work and make some babies toots"

Those are clearly two very different contexts with very different tones. They both say "You = Stressed -> You have baby", but in vastly different ways. The fact that you want to crucify this guy and don't care about context shows how trigger happy you are to just believe anyone who claims they're a victim.>before your opinion matters.

Even if he was Buddist Han Chinese the information he provided isn't an "opinion", it's fact. There are several Muslim groups that aren't targeted, there are several minority groups that aren't targeted, there is clearly a reason that's the case.

Disregarding facts because of who says them is stupid and you should be ashamed for thinking that way.Almost like context matters and someone can interpret a comment differently from its intended meaning.

From what we know so far, someone interpreted what he said as rude. We don't know anything else. A Boomer telling you that having kids is great is not sexist, that's just how some people are. With the way some people get overly upset from their parents asking them when they're having kids, I can certainly see a situation in which an innocuous comment makes someone overly upset to the point of filing a complaint.This is why you just don't talk about personal things with coworkers at all ever. And then people say you're unfriendly and cold... Great... People who get triggered over anything have taken over social discourse. Having kids that you love that helped you through the pandemic and suggesting to others that having kids is a great experience that everyone should do is basically the same thing as when your parents ask you when you're getting married or having kids... Annoying, yes, sexist and mysognistic, no. 

But once someone thinks they're a victim, telling them that they aren't isn't allowed, because if someone thinks something is offensive, even if it's not, it now is.Coworkers are people too, they aren't robots who do work and nothing else. Especially when there's basically no human interaction outside of the people you work with it shouldn't be surprising that people treat their coworkers like actual people...

Do you say your parents are sexist or mysognistic when they ask you when you're getting married or having kids? Not everything is some horrible malicious mysognistic thing. Sure, it's annoying, but it's not anything someone should be fired over if they simply love their kids and think other people would be happier with kids as well.Would I tell a male colleague that having kids is a good stress reliever?

If I was the kind of person who actually thinks kids are a stress relief (which if you read the ceos tweets, he clearly loves his kids a lot), then I would be just as likely to say that to a male as a female coworker. It's tone deaf because a lot of people don't want kids, but it's no different than your parents asking you when you're getting married, when you're having kids, etc. 

Without additional context, this does not seem to be sexist or malicious... But you can't tell people who feel like victims they aren't actually victims, so this guy will likely be let go.Funny, I didn't say all, and yet you quoted that.

Also, yes, the majority of homeless people have substance abuse problems, you can find 100 articles on it with a simple google search. Facts don't care about your feelings.

Literally first hit on google regarding substance abuse and homelessness: [2/3 of homeless people in this study self-reported that substance abuse played a major or primary role in them becoming homeless] (https://www.heretohelp.bc.ca/visions/housing-and-homelessness-vol4/substance-use-pathways-homelessness). Average age of substance abuse was 22, average age of onset of homelessness was 28. So yes, the majority of them are drug addicts or alcoholics, and the majority of them were drug addicts or alcoholics before becoming homeless. This is also self-reported, so the real numbers could be much higher.

First hit on google regarding mental health issues and homelessness: [1/4 to 1/3 of homeless people have a severe mental health issue, primarily schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or severe depression](https://www.health.harvard.edu/newsletter_article/The_homeless_mentally_ill#:~:text=The%20United%20States%20Department%20of,and%20the%20proportion%20is%20growing.). These are hospitalized patients as well, so this is the worst of the worst mental health-wise of all homeless populations, again, the actual numbers could be much higher. In St Louis in 2000, 30% had substance abuse and mental health issues, and another 15% had mental health issues alone.

Pretending that there isn't something more wrong with the majority of homeless people isn't "being nice to them", it's literally counter productive. If you don't treat the cause of the problem, and just try to treat the symptom, you won't help anyone long term.And how much does it cost to put them in a hotel room for eternity, plus deal with all the damage they do to the room? Homeless people can't be saved by just housing them, pretending that's all they need, or pretending that drug addict mentally unsound people are welcoming to people even helping them is naive.

When you tell a drug addicted mentally unstable person that you'll help them get a job and a house if they stop taking drugs and take medication that changes how they feel, it's no surprise they don't want to accept that help. Normal people with schizophrenia struggle to keep taking their medication, how do you think a drug addict homeless person would fare?

There are programs to help these people, and some try to go through it, but many quickly leave for those reasons.Anyone who is overwhelmingly positive/naive about homeless people and how they are just misunderstood people down on their luck have never actually lived in a big city or dealt with homeless people before. Homeless people are by and large mentally unstable and drug addicts who don't care about anyone else and don't want help because help means they can't use drugs anymore.

Any time someone just says "Just give them houses, then they won't be homeless" I literally cringe. It's something a naive 14 year old would say. "If you're drowning, just swim".Almost every country is tired of seeing homeless people in public places, this is not a uniquely American problem. Do you think Britain loves homeless people sitting around in parks with shopping carts filled with garbage? Do you think Canada likes homeless people breaking into private businesses to sleep or steal things?

It's not politically correct to say but it's true, homeless people are pretty shit most of the time. They harass people (just randomly and for money), they leave garbage everywhere, they break shit, they're drug addicts, they resort to crime to make money.

"Just house them" doesn't work and the real solution is **far** from "simple". If you house a drug addicted, mentally unstable homeless person, they'll destroy the house. There's an unlimited supply of evidence that people with severe problems beyond just being down on their luck can't be just given a home and now are totally fine. Not only that, they are actively resistive to help because drug addicts don't like when you tell them you'll help them as long as they stop taking drugs... Shocking I know... How do you deal with someone who doesn't want your help but is causing problems with normal well adjusted people in society?

I feel like anyone who is so overwhelmingly positive towards homeless people, to the point of naivety, has never lived in a big city with an actual homeless problem. They are overwhelmingly not polite well mannered people and pretending they are and that society just hates them out of spite is ridiculous.Who would have guessed that Reddit would interpret something in the wrong way because it supports what they want to believe. I'm shocked!

The DA wanting to make his address public record is frankly disgusting. It has absolutely nothing to do with the case. State government should not be taking measures to allow someone to carry out vigilante justice and harass someone. Kyle has not been convicted for starters, and even if he had been, punishment isn't dolled out by vigilantes, it's decided by the court system.

The DA's job isn't to convict someone and punish them, their job is to put charges against someone who is accused of committing a crime and present the facts. The attitude they display is the same shit they do against drug offenses and undue punishment of minorities, they only care about convictions, punishment, and retribution for "The bad guys", not justice.Probably because the American justice system likes vigilante justice and is centered around punishment. Being harassed at your house and having death threats against you is part of that punishment, along with excessively large bails posted before you've been convicted of any crime.

If you're a flight risk, then they shouldn't let you out no matter how much money you spend. If you aren't a flight risk, they shouldn't punish you financially before you've been convicted of any crime.The issue arises that people who bought puts had literally no way of making money on the trade. If no one can buy (rather, a large amount of people, some apps were still open and larger investment firms were still able to) stock, the stock price can not go up, it's simply not possible.

So basically Robinhood (And other apps) preventing people from buying stock essentially made those people lose thousands of dollars.

The fact remains that it is illegal to prevent people from closing their position, as you said. If Robinhood and these other apps did close down buying due to liquidity issues as a result of DTCC changing their collateral, then they are not to blame. Robinhood's response was atrocious and asinine and their public perception is destroyed, but they didn't necessarily break the law. We'll wait for the facts to come out.>They would be compelled to sell or develop their land. That's the magic of LVT, it is not just a tax for collecting public revenue, but a tax that regulates wasteful land use decisions in the market. If the value of the farmland is based on its higher and more valuable use as a housing tract, it should be converted to that use with minimal delay (delay = lost job and wealth creation opportunities).

See, I don't agree this is a good outcome. The farmer should be incentivized to sell because the company trying to buy their land to develop houses/businesses there are trying to pay him more. In your scenario, the farmer is becoming increasingly punished as the city moves closer and closer to their land. That doesn't seem like a good situation. The farmer has no control over the city expanding, their profits aren't higher as a result, they're just being punished for expansion of someone else. The way it works now is that they can just say, "Well, if you don't want to accept this huge sum of cash, we'll just build around you". Everyone wins. The city expansion isn't stopped by one person not wanting to sell, they just buy around them.

I wouldn't even classify the farm land as "wasteful". You said so yourself that we should be densifying, presumably that's because tillable land is a valuable resource.>That's a really strong claim.

I'd say it's a claim so strong that it's downright ridiculous. Quoting a Wikipedia article that says "*Hypothetical system has no downsides*" doesn't mean that it doesn't, it just means the Wikipedia article writer doesn't think it does. The fact that there's no "Counter-arguments" section on this Wikipedia page says a lot in my opinion.

Also, this statement could apply to any system. "Raising the tax rate on gas stations won't impact the cost of gas at the pump". Because if there's one thing that we know, it's that businesses operating on margins will just accept that they are now losing money on every transaction /s

Land lords don't decide their rent prices arbitrarily, they decide them based on competition. There are millions of places to live in NYC, with various levels of cost from the extremely high end to the dumps. All are expensive for what they are, but that's what high demand does, drives up prices. If you made landlords pay higher rent, you'd simply make the price of everything increase, maybe the landlords would operate on a smaller margin of profit, but there's no way that they wouldn't increase. 

It's naive to think that all landlords are making 10-20% margin on their land, and that cutting out 5% of that will just mean they accept 5-15% margin. Some may, some may not, again, competition will decide that. There are absolutely landlords operating at 5% margin, and cutting out 5% of that won't mean they operate for free, they'll raise rent by 5%.

Additionally, if you use an LVT, then the cost of a fancy apartment building and a shitty apartment building is the same (barring really nice location, etc). Why would a landlord have a shitty apartment that makes them way less money, while paying the same tax rate? They'd improve the building, kick all their poor tenants out, and bring in higher paying customers to their newly renovated building. They'd have to, or else they wouldn't be able to operate. This is all tied in with raising the price of rent out of necessity to keep operating.Agree 100%. In many cases you're better off paying more on your mortgage than you'd pay in rent because when all is said and done, you now have an asset that you can sell vs having nothing to show for it. Buying a house is an investment with a certain amount of ROI, and you need to balance that around the NPV of the difference between a mortgage and renting. In a lot of cases a mortgage is better (There are also a lot of factors that weigh into it that are not strictly monetary).

I think OP is saying that the system would be better if it used LVT, but the way the system is currently, switching to LVT would likely not have the intended effect, from what I can see.> Farms would benefit from LVT because it would lessen the property tax on the farm equipment, barns, etc. This encourages farmers to invest in cutting-edge agricultural equipment, more efficient machinery, etc.

Lets take a farmer on the edge of a large suburb. They have giant plots of land. That land value would skyrocket as the city builds closer and closer to them, meaning their Land Value Tax skyrockets. Yes, they can sell their land for more as the city comes closer, but what if they don't want to? Their land being worth a shit ton doesn't mean that they have tons of money to pay their skyrocketing land value tax.

Wouldn't that hurt them in the long run? You can say that this system incentivizes densification, which it likely would, but that doesn't mean that expansion won't happen, and I don't see how people like I described above wouldn't be negatively impacted by it. Maybe I'm just not understanding it fully, but it doesn't seem like it's as cut-and-dry as you're making it to be.Yeah, I don't really understand how this tax system is better. You aren't taxed more when you make improvements to the land, only on the assessed value of the land. But that means an empty lot is taxed at the exact same rate as a state of the art medical research facility on the same plot of land. Or Facebook headquarters. Yes, the person who has the empty plot of land should probably be doing something with it, but that doesn't mean they're some sort of villain in most cases.

Or lets take a farmer on the edge of a large suburb. They have giant plots of land. That land value would skyrocket as the city builds closer and closer to them, meaning their Land Value Tax skyrockets. Yes, they can sell their land for more as the city comes closer, but what if they don't want to? Their land being worth a shit ton doesn't mean that they have tons of money to pay their skyrocketing land value tax.

What exactly is the issue of a property tax? And how does this benefit middle class or lower class people? Let's say that landlords in places like NYC have to pay this tax. They all have to pay this tax though. Do you think those costs wouldn't be pushed on to tenants? Here's a hint: A landlord will not give you housing if they aren't making a profit. This doesn't impact demand for housing in NYC, it's exactly the same.

Maybe I'm missing the point here, but I don't see how this really system benefits or harms anyone in particular.Ironically, all the people from California moving to Texas is making Texas more blue, when the entire reason for moving was because of Democrat policies raising business taxes in California too much.

Not making any judgement, and clearly there's the possibility to have "business friendly" Democrat policies, but it's possible this move will ironically make Texas less business friendly.You're 100% right, but I would say the average Texan city resident is likely a bit more conservative than the average Californian city resident. Not conservative enough to all be Republican, but probably more likely to be a moderate Democrat or a Republican who doesn't support some of their actions.

Politics isn't black and white, there's plenty of room in the middle.Well when you label the entire right as wanting to decapitate politicians, don't be surprised when an equally stupid and inane extremist view is trotted out for what the Left represents.

That's kind of the whole point of this thread. When you label every person on the Right as wanting to drag Congress members out and hang them, and then say everyone on the Left just wants there to be less blackface on Netflix you're creating a false equivalency... 

Extremists on the Right supported that, removing blackface from Netflix is not the equivalent extremist view from the Left, and you're completely aware of that but just being an asshole.Agree 100%. Presidents take the blame when the economy does badly, so they should take credit when it does well. The reality is that they likely have little to do with it.

Biden will get credit for curing covid and "creating" X million jobs, when really it's not related to him at all, it was in progress when he took over. Some of the vaccines on the market weren't involved with Project Warpspeed, others were and Trump *could* claim credit for supporting that. The jobs that will be "created" were "lost" because the government forced people to not be allowed to work, not any economic policy. This is obviously a good thing, but those jobs could be "created" any time the government decides to remove restrictions.

It's going to be pretty annoying to hear in 3 years about these things by people purposely misrepresenting the truth or who don't understand this.Exactly. Oil is a global commodity, Alberta sells it's oil for whatever market price for oil of that grade is. The US imports oil from Alberta, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, if they aren't buying as much from Alberta becasue the price is higher because transportation is harder, they'll just supplement by buying oil from a different country because the price is just slightly lower. There's no supply shortage, they'll supply as much as the US is willing to buy.

Alberta and Mexico and Saudi and the US will continue to produce oil, they'll continue to transport it however they're allowed, and it will continue to be used for the next decades. Oil and gas is being transitioned away from, but this move is mostly symbolic, it's become such big news that they need to cancel it or else they'll look like environmental devils.Yup, anyone who thinks otherwise doesn't know Canadian politics or political history. Trudeau is unable to buy Alberta's vote, nothing he does will make them vote for him. They'd obviously support the pipeline, but that doesn't mean it would increase his voter share by any significant amount.

Trudeau wanted the pipeline because its financially beneficial for Canada as a whole, in addition to the US. Only reason.How is it "Obvious" that someone committed a crime based on them wearing MAGA clothes? That's literally what she said, there is no other way to interpret it. What else would she be referring as being obvious if not 'that they were involved'?

Contributing factors to being a criminal to you involve wearing MAGA clothes? Again, she's being suspicious of anyone who is conservative in DC, which is simply ridiculous...

>Do you also think she is reporting every white guy in a suit to the FBI because of their location tags?

Additionally, you can't see someone's location tags on bumble... Pictures don't have location tags, because if they did, someone could stalk you and figure out where you live... The only location information is provided by the user and it's where you live and what city you were raised in.

Someone from another city that is in DC is also not a suspicious thing...

You're extremely naive if you think that the feature was being used intentionally.Have you never used Bumble before? There are no location tags that someone can see on your profile aside from you stating which city you are from as a data field. You can't see location tags of photos, if you could, people could look at your bathroom selfie meta data and figure out where you live, which would be extremely fucked up.

If you don't know what you're talking about, don't speak.Refusing to answer a question that explains your own hypocrisy doesn't mean you win the argument or that you're right, it just means you refuse to even admit that there is some defendable ground on the other side and proves that you're closed minded.

I bet you like to tell people that you're open minded and like political discussions as well. Maybe rethink your personality.>Can you please cite where the article makes this clam?

Literally the very first Tweet linked:

>This is funny but actually serious. There are DOZENS of men on DC dating apps right now who were clearly here for the insurrection attempt yesterday. *Some say it directly,* **others are obvious from MAGA clothing, location tags, etc.** Is that info useful at all for law enforcement?

It's "Obvious" that someone wearing MAGA clothes who have that they live in a different state under their bio were involved in illegally entering the Capitol building to this person.

Yes, because clearly it's impossible that

1. Someone could be a conservative who likes to wear MAGA clothes and live in DC.

2. That that person wasn't involved in illegally entering the Capitol building.

>It's not Bumble reporting profiles to the police. It is the women involved. Bumble may be doing its own investigation, but that's not what this article is about.

You don't seem to understand: **Bumble would have a legal obligation to send credible reports of illegal activity to the police**, much like how any other social media company or any company has a legal obligation. When you report someone on Bumble, it doesn't go to the police, it goes to Bumble first. Bumble would be required to sort through the reports submitted by users to determine if the report was credible or not, and if there are significant volumes of reports on anyone who is wearing MAGA clothes, it makes it difficult to sort through and find the real reports.

Given that they removed the ability to sort by political view, it's not a stretch to say that Bumble may have been receiving far too many false reports by petty people than real reports of crimes committed.Hindsight is 2020. We know about the terrorist attacks that they knew about that actually happened, but not the terrorist attacks that they knew about that didn't happen. Likewise, we know about the terrorist attacks they couldn't stop, but not the terrorist attacks they did stop (usually).

I'm sure the US has hundreds of active potential terrorist attacks at all times, it's inevitable that some sneak through unfortunately. There have been foreign terrorist attacks under both Democratic and Republican administrations. There has been domestic terrorist attacks committed under both Trump and Obama from [left](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_Congressional_baseball_shooting)-[wing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burnette_Chapel_shooting) [extremists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_Fresno_shooting_spree) and [right](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado_Springs_Planned_Parenthood_shooting)-[wing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charleston_church_shooting) [extremists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlottesville_car_attack).

I would imagine that more than 75% of planned attacks fall through for whatever reason and due to the secretive nature of the planning, it's hard to keep tabs on it, even if you throw billions of dollars at it. Intelligence is a difficult field to be in, and I'm sure every single person involved in overlooking 9/11 before it happened feels personally responsible in some way.No, it was removed because peoples reasoning for reporting people was "They were wearing MAGA stuff while living in DC". One person in the article literally says that's proof they were involved.

It's one thing to report people who actually were there and actually broke the law, it's another to report someone for being conservative. Bumble was likely receiving thousands of reports an hour with little to no proof and they didn't want to have to sift through the false reports to find the actual reports. Doubly so if they have a legal obligation to verify the integrity of those reports and pass them on to police.

False reports over pettiness literally make the real reports harder to find.> And if a woman should or should not be allowed to get an abortion at 8 months is not for you or me to decide. Our opinions are irrelevant to the matter. It is her body, her decision.

Presumably you have a moral opinion on whether you should be able to abort an otherwise healthy child on a parents whim. You don't need to pretend that you're so woke that you don't even have an opinion. No one is going to cancel you for having a opinion anonymously on Reddit...

Look. I already said I support a woman's right to have an abortion, but to pretend you aren't killing a viable human is literally just a coping mechanism. From a purely moral perspective, getting an abortion is no different than killing a 1 week old born baby. What separates a baby from a fetus from a "this is a human" standpoint? Does the act of cutting the umbilical cord give it life? Does it now have a brain or consciousness? Does it now feel pain?

If all those same things applied 1 week before it was officially born, how would you not say it's the same as killing a born baby? And if those things do apply 1 week before it was born, do they apply 2 weeks before? And if yes, do they apply 3 weeks before? repeat as many times as you feel comfortable and then tell me where you land.

The point is that there's no hard line, and the legal age limit for when you can and can not have an abortion is completely arbitrary, it's not determined based on any medical milestone. Even the biggest pro-choice people largely don't think that you should be able to abort an almost born child at will, so you're not even supporting any real persons argument here.>No, a lot of people in the US thought masks didn't work at all for a long time.

A lot of people thought that because that's what they were told in the early days. Example: [Here from Fauci in the US](https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-factcheck-fauci-outdated-video-masks/fact-checkoutdated-video-of-fauci-saying-theres-no-reason-to-be-walking-around-with-a-mask-idUSKBN26T2TR) and [Here from Canadian Public health officials (and the WHO)](https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/to-wear-or-not-to-wear-canadian-doctors-weigh-in-on-use-of-face-masks-for-all-1.4880928).

Family of mine in the medical field knew this was bullshit from the start and knew the reason they "lied" is because they didn't want to create hysteria as people ran out to get masks. Additionally, they needed healthcare workers to have adequate PPE. But you can't blame people for not wearing masks when they literally told people that it wouldn't help, up until the summer, as you say. I guess now that the information is out there, you can blame them, but you can see why it would generate confusion, especially when they literally admit that what they said in the early days was a lie... Bad optics, but I understand why they did it...

>There's a reason why US cases are high and got that high very easily and quickly even before the lockdown.

There have been huge outbreaks in Democrat dominated areas and huge outbreaks in Republican dominated areas, blaming any one group in particular doesn't seem like a battle you can win (If that's something you're implying).Don't even bother with them man. I fully support abortion, but I'm not ignorant enough to pretend that it's not morally questionable and that when you get an abortion you are in fact killing a potential human being. I accept that it's "murder", but it's something I believe is acceptable, to a point.

Anyone who refuses to understand that an abortion is killing a potential human and thinks there's no moral dilemma either has never had an abortion, or is an actual sociopath. Another easy way to tell these people are being intentionally obtuse is asking them whether they'd be good with killing a baby who is just about to be born.

When does a fetus become a baby? There's no scientific distinction, the law is completely arbitrarily set, so we've decided that it's ok to kill a fetus before a certain date, but not after. If you accept that that's true and moral, then you can't honestly not understand that others would extend that morally questionable period to the point of conception.

The biggest reason there's division in the US is because people refuse to even understand someone's beliefs or why they believe what they do. They just plug their ears and tell them that if they don't agree with them entirely they hate women or hate minorities and are a Nazi, or if their right-wing, they tell them they're trying to take their guns or take away their freedom etc. Division begins when you refuse to even communicate, and it's already happened.> For women
> 
> - Very obviously dyed hair that looks extremely expensive to maintain (or really poorly boxed bleach job)
> 
> - Han Solo outfits
> 
> - Selfie with 4-6 other girls with their faces smooshed together as closely as possible
> 
> - Plaid that clearly has never been worn
> 
> - Holding a baby
> 
> - Backlit photo on the beach
> 
> - Face skin is weirdly matte and doesn't really match their actual skintone
> 
> - Quirky photo "holding a pumpkin, a pig, a giant beer mug, etc"
> 
> - Obligatory 'I have the most amazing friends!!' caption

This just describes every woman...? I've seen plenty of people who match this exact description who are very clearly quite left-wing from their bio (ACAB, BLM, "swipe left if you're a conservative"). The only one that is even remotely "conservative" is wearing plaid, because it's more popular in rural areas, but it's also common everywhere in the fall. The number of women that have pictures holding a baby that isn't their own negates that as being an "anti-abortion" flag.

I assume that you're equally wrong about the male descriptors, but have no experience.

Not to mention: You have no way of verifying that the people you swiped left on are conservative, you're assuming you're right based on these metrics without verifying your theory.>Political views affect the way people view minorities, the poor, lgbt, and women's bodies.

The OP never said that they disagreed on these points btw. There are also plenty of significantly less awful things that conservatives and liberals can disagree on that I personally don't think should make or break a relationship. People in relationships don't need to be exact copies of each other, you can disagree with someone, to a point.Did you miss the part where people who did literally nothing wrong other than having "Conservative" as their political view were being reported as being criminals? Forcing bumble to take on tons of extra work sifting through bullshit reports from fake accounts?

Bumble doesn't care about your petty belief of guilty by political party association, and neither does most of the nation. Get out of your echo chamber.Well, it's a good thing you can unmatch someone with a single click then. There's a few options here:

1. They allow you to sort by political view. 

* a. This allows people to mass report all conservatives for breaking laws, even if they haven't, simply because people are incredibly petty and tribalistic. Bumble has to then sort through these reports to see which are real and which aren't. The overwhelming majority of conservative people on the platform who haven't broken the law have to deal with most of the people they match with harassing them to see whether they're a criminal or not. They decide to leave the platform.
* b. You don't have to ask the person at some point what their political views are, and then lump their entire identity onto your perceived notions of a parties beliefs, despite 95% of people not mirroring their political identity against a political party.

^^^^^^^^^1. 2. They don't allow you to sort by political view.

* a. They don't have to deal with thousands of false reports and people who did literally nothing wrong are harassed significantly less. 
* b. As a side effect, you now need to ask your match at least 1 question.
* c. If you don't like the response, you can unmatch them and it's like it never even happened.

Hmm, yeah, I think I know which method I support. Vigilante harassment of random people shouldn't ever be accepted by society.Of course it's not more a pain for the police than the app. Bumble would need to sort through thousands of reports on someone's profile, simply because they dared to be a conservative in DC.

Bumble wouldn't just pass on every single report to the police, presumably... Plus I can guarantee that people were reporting them not for committing crimes, but harassment as well, and then Bumble would need to look into the claim to see whether that was true.And less white males.

Everyone says that Trumps term appealed to his base of white men, but that's the only race and gender demographic that went down in vote % for Trump from 2016, he gained margins in male and female minorities and white females, he actually had the majority of Vietnamese male voters, but lost 8% margin for white men.

So what about Trumps presidency scared away white men and attracted minorities? I suppose it's possible white men were scared away by Hillary, and this shift back to Dems is a shift back to 'norm', but that doesn't explain the gain in minorities, and it also ignores that Hillary lost female voters from 2012 to 2016.

I haven't seen basically any discussion around these stats because it's been overshadowed by Trumps antics, but I would really like to understand what happened here. With the way the media presented Trumps presidency, there's no way you'd expect minorities to be voting for him more than they did in 2016 (Latino aside).I'm sure plenty of people knew that wearing a mask prevents the spread but chose not to anyways because the perceived risk was low enough to them.

There are certainly a subset of people who refuse to wear masks out of spite, or out of belief that the virus doesn't exist at all, somehow, but I'm sure plenty of people were just lazy and didn't think it was a big enough threat.

Considering the case fatality rate is under 2% now, it's not a death sentence, but there are unknown side effects in addition.This article blames everything on Qanon, but that's total crap, reddit and left-wing Twitter spread this just as hard. Not that surprising coming from vox to just blame others though. 

And the truth is, even some of those who do watch it will still come away thinking it's just a creepy movie because there are creepy scenes in it. Some people won't care that the point is to make you uncomfortable and say "Yeah, child sexualization is a real problem, this made me uncomfortable", they'll just think that you sexualized the children.I see you've never tried to post conservative or even "not far enough left"-wing views on /r/LateStageCapitalism or /r/ABoringDystopia. They'll ban you just as quick, guaranteed.

>"free speech champions."

/r/conservative literally has a rule that states:

7 - Do not violate the Mission Statement (We provide a place on Reddit **for conservatives**, both fiscal and social, to read and discuss political and cultural issues **from a distinctly conservative point of view**.)

They never claim to be "free speech champions" or open to discussion from anyone. I've never seen any political subreddit claim to be free speech champions in fact. But /r/politics pretends it's for discussion from everyone, and yet is a giant circlejerk (**Again, I am not saying that mods will ban you, that has nothing to do with it being a circlejerk or not**). I don't even have a problem with circlejerk subreddits being a thing, I think they're bad for division and making people into "extremists" with zero nuance on any issues, but I do have a problem with subreddits pretending they're one thing and being something else.>I don't know why you're asking me this question; I wasn't talking about the Senate in the paragraph that you're responding to here.

That's fair, I misinterpreted what you said. I interpreted the original post you replied to as questioning why House and Senate Republicans won't denounce him. Neither of them would be impacted by gerrymandering and they are arguably the only Republicans that matter when it comes to denouncing Trump.

>I did say something about "should", but it was "should" as in "I predict this will happen" and not "this ought to happen".

I'm not sure what you mean by this. I don't see how else to interpret what you said as anything other than "The Senate should look different than it does, because they are supposed to represent the entire state and not just whoever wins a majority of the votes". The reference to ideological enclaves could be referring to blue cities in red states, or something else.

>I want to be charitable and assume that you're engaging in good faith, but it's difficult with all this misinterpretation you're engaging in.

I wouldn't say that anything I said was particularly combative, but to each their own.They're both echo chambers... One represents the views of the majority of the people on the website, hence the community downvotes content that doesn't go with the cult, the other represents an overwhelming minority of people on site, expressly states it's for conservative opinions only, and wouldn't be able to discuss conservative politics if it was an actual open forum because they are a minority and one that the rest of the population actively hates.

The point is one of transparency. You can't possibly pretend that you're surprised a subreddit that is explicitly called /r/Conservative is for conservative viewpoints... They never pretended they weren't.

/u/moby323 is a turd who posts continuously on /r/politics and that's literally the only reason he defends it, he's too brainwashed to understand that it only represents one view of the world.The same argument can be made for rioters using the name of the blm movement to steal and destroy property. I don't think either side are particularly good at following what they say they do.

And all of that being said, the massively overwhelming majority of Republicans and Democrats do not break the law and are far more similar to each other than the media and reddit would have you think. Society wants you to hate them because it benefits the media and the politicians and people have been brain washed.Did I say you'd be banned from /r/politics? No. I did not. Go read my post again. Same goes for the other morons who I triggered by suggesting that /r/politics isn't the bastion of discourse on the internet.

I said that /r/politics is not civil in any way. I said that you'd be banned from /r/latestagecapitalism for being a conservative and shit talking, and you'd be banned from /r/Conservative for being a liberal and shit talking. Both of those are acceptable because they are fully transparent about what they are.>largely thanks to gerrymandering

Senate races are determined by popular vote. How does gerrymandering, which effects district-based voting, impact the senate race in any way whatsoever?

>the GOP base loves Trump

I don't think there's proof of this. The fact that Georgia went to the Democrats in the Senate shows that this isn't necessarily true. I'd say it's more appropriate to say that the GOP base is divided on Trump. Some of them love him, some of them tolerate him because any R is better than a D, and some don't like him. It's unclear what speaking out against Trump will do for Republican support, and it likely varies by state.

>The Senate should look a little different because Senators are accountable to entire states with diverse populations and not just little ideological enclaves.

That argument can be used for all levels of government. 47% of voters in the US voted for Trump, so should Biden do 47% of the things a Republican would want?

I believe that the "all or nothing" style of government that every country in the world uses is actually not a very good approach to appeasing everyone in a country. When 47% of people support the opposite beliefs to the person who is in complete control, or when you only need 50%+1 in the Senate or House to have complete control, it makes the system seem a little tyranny of the majority. 

In an ideal world, the two parties wouldn't be so split, people would have much more similar beliefs, and small concessions would be made, but that's not the world we live in.

I don't know how a system could be developed to truly account for this, I don't honestly think it's possible, but I would strongly support a system that took measures to address this. The level of (apparent) shift from a Democrat leader to a Republican leader doesn't represent how the country actually feels and seems a little silly to me./r/Conservative is a subreddit for conservative discussion. They never claim to be bi-partisan or for all discussion, it says so right in the side bar.

/r/SelenaGomez also doesn't let you shit all over Selena Gomez, shouldn't be a surprise. Go shit talk communism or socialism in /r/latestagecapitalism and let me now how it goes. 

/r/politics however has a sticky comment on every post about how it's for civil discussion, and I haven't seen civil discussion there in years. They're the only political subreddit that refuses to be transparent about what they actually are.Are African immigrants who are aware of their cultural identity not also subject to racism and mistreatment because of their skin color? Would they not be included in these Black Lives? Would they not be supported by Black Lives Matter?

Surely they would, and yet, they don't fall under the same naming convention and box that you're referring to.

I just don't understand why people need to be offensive or say something that could be inflammatory. Everyone knows that saying things like this will not be taken very well, even by people who actively like you as a person. You should just know better. It's not appropriate to say, and certainly not appropriate to say on Twitch. It's "edgy" at best, racist at worse, it just shouldn't be said and doesn't need to be said, simple as that.

You won't win people over by making a statement like this and then trying to defend it, you'll only turn people who supported you against you.I wouldn't like it, but I wouldn't say that you shouldn't legally be allowed to do it. So yes? I would support your free speech right to do so? 

Do you think someone shouldn't be legally allowed to shit talk someone else? Do you think you should be allowed to shit talk a Nazi? Surely you think that should be allowed. How is shit talking anyone else any different?Well the issue is that saying you can't be racist to someone who is white is just obviously wrong, no matter what. People can dislike you for any reason, if they dislike you because of the pigment color of your skin, then it's classified as racist.

There are obviously some people somewhere who attribute specific beliefs and prejudices to anyone with white skin, which means they are racist... Saying that people can't be prejudiced based on someone's race against people who are racially white is just clearly not true.

It's easy to determine if something is racist, if it would be racist to say about black people, it's racist to say against any race of people. Plain and simple. This has nothing to do with institutional vs personal racism, institutions can be racist and people can be racist.Is it a threat when people on reddit talk about how there should be more guillotines in politics or that the French had the right idea, in regards to rich people buying politicians (an actual post I saw a few months ago)? Or people posing with a severed Trump head?

Is it "fucking disgusting that the Left refuses to acknowledge these as threats"?

Either they're both reasonable things to be upset over and real threats that police should look into, or they're both just internet tough guys shit talking.

The issue with language is that interpretation is wildly different. What one person thinks is a call to arms someone else will interpret as that person just expressing their frustration. "The person saying that we should kill the rich is just upset at the power rich people have, he's not a threat to them!".

To be clear, I think that both of these types of statements are horrible and anyone who calls for violence is a dirt bag that shouldn't be accepted in society.Everyone who likes to point out "Free speech isn't protected on the internet, it's only a concept that protects you from the government" come off as super weird to me.

Like, do these people only support free speech where it's legally required to be allowed and no where else? Would these same people support removing it as a legal protection against the government, as long as they could ensure that their political candidate remains in power?

Anyone who thinks that freedom of speech *should* be limited to only where is is legally required just come off as only caring about their own freedom of speech to me. If Twitter was censoring them, they'd be up in arms. You know this is true because Reddit gets upset about conservative subreddits banning people, saying that they're "snowflakes who can't put up with dissenting opinions".

Then they turn around and shout with glee about right-wing views being banned from internet society. I just don't get it.

Freedom of speech is supposed to be a concept, not only the law. People are supposed to support the concept and idea of free speech.

And I also agree with you about this plan backfiring, at least slightly. Removing the ability for right wing people to communicate online will drive them to shadier website where they become more extremist, but that's a problem for future America.How many people actually entered the Capitol building? There have been 40 federal arrests associated with this event as of yesterday morning (I found a '.gov' source for this earlier but am on my phone). If that's the majority of the people who actually entered the building, then that's how many people they are going to arrest.

There were tons of rioters in Vancouver, they probably arrested half of them if not less. The number of people involved in the rioting was larger than the number of people involved in the Capitol building incident, of course there would be more arrests.

Not to mention that it took them 6 months of combing through camera footage and identifying people to do that. The same will be done here.

Edit: Another comment said there have now been 82 arrests, so don't be surprised that they haven't been able to act instantly, this stuff takes time, relax.>You cant ignore that a huge part of the US population agrees with the people who invaded the Capitol.

I don't fully agree with this. I think that a large portion of the US agrees with the *idea* of what the protesters did, but not the extent to which they took it. I personally think people should have the right to protest and say that the election was fraudulent. You're free to your opinion. But taking it a step further and breaking the law by entering the Capitol building is unacceptable to me and likely a large amount of those same people who support the *idea* of the protest.

/r/Conservative is a good example of what *I think* the majority of conservatives opinion on the topic is. Based on what I saw from their top 3 posts during this they don't support those who entered the Capitol building or assaulted/killed police officer(s), but don't see a problem with protesting against the election. I may be wrong and maybe many conservatives do support entering the Capitol building and taking further actions, I'm not in conservative circles, so my understanding of popular beliefs is limited.

>Mail ballots are crazy.. Dont understand why people who want to vote just go an vote on election day.

[The US is not the first country to use mail ballots](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postal_voting#:~:text=All%2Dpostal%20voting%20is%20used,the%202004%20European%20Parliament%20election.), and this wasn't the first US election to have mail ballots. The military has used mail ballots forever and many states have had mail ballots for a long time. There's also a completely valid reason why people didn't want to go to polling stations...

Personally, I think that Trump would have won again if the pandemic never happened. Regardless of whether you think he could/should have managed it better, it was used to attack him continuously over the last 8 or 9 months. It fucked his chances. Prior to the pandemic, the economy was doing "well" (I personally think it was ready for a recession any day, but stock prices were through the roof), [minority unemployment was actually at record lows](https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/06/economy/black-unemployment-rate/index.html), etc. While I personally disagree with almost all of Trumps policies, he did have a strong support base and still did even going into 2016.

Additionally, the push from Democrats, celebrities, and Democratic news sources to use mail in ballots encouraged people to vote who otherwise would have been too apathetic to go to a polling station under normal circumstances. This increased voter turnout and allowed Democrats to get more of their supporters to vote. Trump should have never gone against mail-in ballots. He had to hope of getting them removed from voting records, and he would have increased his supporters turnout percentages by encouraging it, it was a huge mistake on his part.>The thing about the American revolution is that the citizens worked very hard to exhaust every single avenue available to them to address their grievances. The whole series of events took place over the course of 20-30 years, more like 50-60-70 years if you consider that Britain was still fucking with America until the War of 1812.

This is true, although the argument could be made that right-wing people (Notably, the Trump-won-the-election supporters) fear that a Democrat government that has complete control will be able to exponentially extend their control over the people. This belief will be further supported when Republicans lose more seats in 2 years, and even further when they lose the election in 4 years. 

People will not soon forget Trump, and it will poison the Republican party. They may never win again despite almost half of the population supporting them. The reason for this is changing viewpoints in society and Trump, but Trump supporters will think it's because Democrats have taken the victory they've achieved this year and made it so they will never lose again. Not to mention due to the rural/city divide, people are so surrounded by people of their own beliefs that they over represent the support of their candidate across the country, this will further spur the "stolen election" thoughts.

>It doesn't really seem that the subject of election tampering has been taken seriously. Not this year or in the previous presidential election. The winners seem content to sit on their hands and do nothing because they won. Seeing that attitude makes me uncomfortable.

The issue with conspiracy theories is that they are often not possible to disprove. How do you prove that there wasn't tampering in the election? You'd need to correlate every vote to a specific person, something which is not allowed. This is why the onus lies on proving there **was** tampering. One could argue that an organization with as much global power and ability as the Democratic (Or Republican) Party, and with so much on the line, may be able to pull off a fraudulent election, and because of the way the election system is set up, you can't go out and say "This is Joe Smiths vote. This is Mary's vote.", etc. But it's simply not really possible to prove there wasn't tampering, you just need to accept and hope there wasn't.

The fact that there is so little faith in the government and their ability to not be corrupt is disheartening. People have very little faith in both the Democrats and the Republicans, and considering they're the only choices, that's not a very good thing...These are all good points, but there are situations where something is very clearly **not** illegal that is removed because of the owners opinions on the topic. Not to mention that these companies have lawyers, they have teams of lawyers. They should be able to have a decent understanding of what is and isn't illegal. Most bans are towards major figures, not Joe Shmoe talking about how he wants to overthrow the government. It shouldn't be that difficult to get a pretty good understanding of whether something is illegal and ban worthy.

>they rather err on the safe side and even in such an environment the workload for moderation is massive.

I'd say they err on the side of public opinion. It's woke to hate right-wing people, well over half of their users want to suppress right-wing speech on tenuous grounds, it aligns with their own personal views, and they're allowed to do it, so they simply do.

Trump was banned because Twitter states that he supported illegal actions and they say he incited people to commit those actions. Regardless of your opinion on the BLM protests, select protestors (I don't even want to call these select people protesters, they're rioters) committed illegal acts through rioting, arson, and destruction of property. I personally believe that these people are distinctly different from the actual protestors, who support a good cause. These rioters took advantage of the cause to commit illegal activities with less chance of punishment. Many of them probably didn't care about the BLM movement at all.

And yet, people all over Reddit said that these violent actions were justified because "they've run out of options and need to resort to violence" (Not everyone, but enough people agreed with these statements for them to be top comments). [Portland has had 6 months of riots and only now has the mayor come out against them](https://dailycaller.com/2021/01/03/portland-oregon-businesses-destroyed-antifa-anarchists/) (I have no idea about the political bias of this news, but the quoted paragraph from him speaks for itself). If there had been right-wing riots in Portland, they'd be shut down in days, if not a day.

So which is it? Are violent protests, rioting, and law breaking acceptable measures that need to be taken because you won't be heard otherwise, or are they unacceptable? Your opinion can't change based on who's committing the act or what the crime is. Illegal is illegal.Agree with your comment, but disagree with this:

>something reddit normally rails against.

Reddit hasn't railed against suppression of information for years, they've supported suppression of people they don't like for years now. It ramped up ten-fold in 2016 and culminated in the celebration of the banning of most right-wing subreddits. When Reddit takes it a step further and finishes off the remaining ones, it will be celebrated again.Additionally, regardless of whether you supported the actions of the people at the Capitol, America was literally founded on a revolution. Albeit, the reasoning was certainly more acceptable and... real... but the point still stands. 

The people at the Capitol *literally think* that the election was rigged and that they are fighting for democracy and the truth. It's "noble" in a fucked up way. If they were right they would be heroes and revolutionaries. They aren't evil people, they're incredibly misguided and manipulated.The Patriot Act is similar in concept. Legislation that was enacted in a "time of need", that is great in concept, but very quickly became apparent that it was just a route to gaining more power over the people.

Tech companies actions over the last few days are them flexing their muscles. People are happy about the censorship because they don't like the people being censored, but it just gives precedent for them to continue.

Maybe you're the kind of person who aligns perfectly with the beliefs of the higher ups at these companies, so you feel perfectly safe that you're opinions won't be stamped out, but people who care about this sort of thing see this as a problem...It's pretty easy, they should be allowed to ban speech that would get you arrested. If it's not illegal, they shouldn't be able to remove it or silence you. 

I've seen upvoted comments on Reddit with people calling for all the rich to be killed, and yet, if you said "all the <X race> should be killed", you would probably be banned. I'm not certain, but I don't think either of these statements is illegal in real life (In America). They're both awful and horrible things to say, but they aren't illegal. 

Whether something is ban worthy or not should be left up to the law imo. If it's illegal to say, then ban it. If it's not, then at the very least, be consistent in enforcing the rules.That website is not new. They made it after the Reddit Admins banned all of their moderators and forced them to "rehire" moderators that the Admins approved of. 

They treated it as the Admins attempting to install Admins as moderators, can't really blame them, they were probably right.

/r/t_D was literally empty with no posts on it (everything deleted except a single sticky post directing to their new website) for probably 6 months or more before Reddit actually banned the subreddit, which was quite a while ago now.

But yes, they are pretty crazy on there, far more crazy than they ever were on /r/t_D. I think it's a good example of when you force someone into the shadows, they become darker. By removing them from Reddit, they only became more extremists. Reddit was happy they were gone because they didn't like them, but it's bad for society as a whole imo.That's literally all I do now, I only post when I see hypocrisy or people spouting off lies or misrepresenting information because it fits what Reddit wants to believe, even if there's proof it's bullshit. I don't think my upvote count has increased in 3 years, despite my activity level going through the roof.

I thought that the bullshit on Reddit was bad 3 years ago, I've basically lost all hope at this point. I identify as a moderate, mostly because there is so much I disagree with from both parties, but watching people "discuss" politics on Reddit has made me think so much less of the left. I know internally that it's just morons and not completely representative of the parties, but it's just so pervasive and supported that I can't help but feel like it's more representative of society as a whole than I'd hope.

I haven't had internet political interactions with right-wing people in years, because Reddit banned all of them, so I have no exposure to the dumbass right to temper my ever dropping opinion of the left. 

Overall, Reddit political discussions have made me question what kind of person people who are "politically involved" are, hate society more, and generally become more annoyed with politics.

/r/politics used to be good. Before 2016 you could actually have a dissenting opinion on a post and be met with meaningful discussion. There would actually be top comments pointing out how the article was misleading for X reasons and people would upvote you. Nowadays you're downvoted and labelled as a Trumper or a troll for doing something like posting a video clip of Trump supporters getting into a fight with police at the Capitol building in a post that suggests that the police just let them in without attempting to stop them. People no longer care about the truth, they care about **their** truth, and it's pretty clear it's not exclusive to either side at this point.This was literally division in action, and Redditors celebrated it. Then they complained about how divisive the US was/is over the next 3 years.

The division was caused by the actions that everyone here supported. Redditors celebrated as these companies separated us into our bubble because we didn't like to see people who disagreed with us. And once they were gone, both them and us became more rooted in our beliefs, good and bad. 

Without dissenting opinions, beliefs march towards the extremes, which is almost always a worse place to be. 

Companies talk about "diversity" fostering better environments, and that people provide different perspectives on issues and problems. By removing the entire right-wing perspective, news is presented with a complete bias. All news is biased in some way, whether intentionally or unintentionally, having people who inherently want to find a way to disprove the article are helpful for identifying flaws or half-truths in an article and coming closer to reality. Without dissenting opinions, people take news at complete face value, any article, no matter what, if it supports what we support, it must be 100% factually correct. People should know that's bullshit, but they want to believe, so they just do.

I think the actions that tech companies are showing over the past few days will have serious ramifications over the coming weeks, and I expect there to be further purges of right-wing subreddits, /r/conspiracy is number 1 on the chopping block, and perhaps even /r/Conservative. These actions embolden tech companies, which are largely left-wing companies run by left-wing people, to take further action. The internet is almost universally controlled by a small handful of private companies. These companies hold your speech in their hands. If they don't want what you say to exist, they can essentially make it so. If Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Apple, IBM, Twitter, Facebook, and Oracle decide they don't like what you're saying, you've essentially been silenced. It's akin to saying "Sure, you have free speech, if you're in your own house, by yourself."

I firmly believe that these companies are the modern day press, and modern day street corner, and that freedom of speech should be required on these websites. It is far too easy for companies to essentially form an equivalent of the Great Firewall for anything they personally don't agree with. And no, I don't think that what Trump is/was saying isn't dangerous. I agreed with the temporary muting of his account, but I'm worried about where this will stop. I don't want to see a future where the internet is only left-wing opinions that are acceptable by whoever works in Silicon Valley. Difference of opinions are what allow people to challenge themselves, come to a combined understanding, and hopefully come away having learned something and possibly changed their mind. If everyone just circlejerks over their shared opinions, we aren't improving or advancing at all.

As a strong supporter of freedom of speech, I am afraid of what the future of the internet and freedom of speech will be. It's unfortunate that freedom of speech advocating platforms are largely right-wing, because much of their content I don't agree with, but I still believe they should be allowed to say it.It's current user base is mostly right-wing people because left-wing people aren't being banned from other platforms... It's pretty easy to understand... When Reddit went on it's series of crusades against the right-wing subreddits, those people didn't just disappear off the face of the earth and cease to exist, they moved to a different platform, out of view of opinions that might challenge their beliefs to become radicalized.

It's almost like censoring people doesn't change their views, it just makes them have their views somewhere else. Good for Reddit, literally bad for the rest of society and the world.

Whether "echoing" is a dog whistle or not, who knows.Top comments from the top posts on /r/conservative right now:

A QAnon promoter stormed the Capitol. Now, he's upset people are saying he's 'antifa':

>["He's an idiot, either way."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksjmgb/a_qanon_promoter_stormed_the_capitol_now_hes/gigbuvb/)

>["He's one of the Q ppl for sure. Fuckin loonies."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksjmgb/a_qanon_promoter_stormed_the_capitol_now_hes/gige7w4/)

>["I read some media outlet who interviewed this guy in the fur after everyone had left the Capitol Building and he said he was chatting calmly with police towards the end as he was leaving and they just let him walk out.... Why more people weren't arrested or detained on the spot is beyond me. It seems to me like the initial giant mob of people inside dispersed fairly quickly or stayed near entrances and those who actually got into offices and the floor of the chambers was relatively small, at the very least arrest those people to start with. We were all up in arms when rioters and looters were just let go during the BLM/Antifa riots of the summer and should be equally upset here that incompetence just let these people walk out."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksjmgb/a_qanon_promoter_stormed_the_capitol_now_hes/gih9die/)

Capitol rioters could face up to 10 years in prison under Trump monument executive order: 

>["Good, play stupid games and win stupid prizes. My stance hasn't changed since the riots over the summer."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksmly8/capitol_rioters_could_face_up_to_10_years_in/gigvaxi/)

>["Bunch of embarrassing idiots. Hope they're all punished to the fullest extent of the law"](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksmly8/capitol_rioters_could_face_up_to_10_years_in/gigvd3e/)

Conservative journalists who've closely covered Antifa violence say leftist militants were not behind Capitol siege:

>["I don't think it was Antifa either. Clearly we have a lot of idiots on our side as well. We saw them in action."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/kslbhi/conservative_journalists_whove_closely_covered/gigwh21/)

(The top response to that is also good)

Anyone who thinks that people who are Republican overwhelmingly support what happened are just wrong. There are crazy assholes in every single group of people, from any class, gender, race, or political background. It's not unique to Trump supporters. The BLM movement had noble intentions, and the overwhelming majority of protests were peaceful and good, and most of those people condemned the actions of the small group of violent protesters who used the cause to destroy property and riot and loot. It shouldn't be surprising to anyone that the majority of people in society don't like rioting, looting, or violent protests, most people don't, regardless of what party they vote for.

I only ever go on /r/conservative when big events happen because I want to see how they are responding, and I also want to see how it differs from what Reddit as a whole interprets their response to be, and Reddit couldn't be more wrong here. I think a comment I saw summed up how many people there feel right now:

>I hope they enjoyed handing the Democrats 20 years of power at the minimum.

And this isn't to say that there aren't Trump supporters who do support what happened, of course there is. You can go to the Donald's fake subreddit and see the crazies for yourself. They're out in full force. But those people are not representative of 70 million people across the country.This is like saying "White supremacists" aren't terrorists because they're not a singular organization. Would you say that a violent white supremacist who isn't part of an officially titled organization is just a normal guy who's totally fine? Of course not.

People who self identify as Antifa (Distinctly different from people who self identify as anti-fascist) go to protests and riot and bring weapons to fight white supremacists. The soccer mom who goes to a protest because she doesn't like Trump and says that she's anti-fascist is clearly not the kind of person anyone is labelling as terrorists. 

But you know that and are just being obtuse because violent pricks are totally good when they're violent pricks who vote the same way you do, right?

I don't understand why anyone would support the people who identify as Antifa. They give peaceful protests a bad rap, they escalate violence and provide ammunition for the right labeling protests that are actual good causes as being violent, aggressive, and aimed at causing destruction, and it's hard to even defend when they aren't lying about the actions of certain people. When we talk about cops we say one bad apple spoils the bunch, does that not apply to protest groups as well?

Protest groups need to start removing people who are trying to stir up shit and turn protests into riots. We saw it from a couple protests this summer and it should become a more common theme.Yup, clearly.

The thing you don't get is that Redditors actually mold their own identity around the people they support. They look to political leaders like Bernie Sanders and emulate them entirely. How many people on Reddit 6 years ago would be anti-nuclear energy? Maybe 10%? Ask that same question during the 2016 primary or 2020 primary and you'd have people joining the circus to explain why nuclear is actually not good, all because Bernie Sanders doesn't support nuclear. It literally happened, I saw posts defending the position that were popular. I saw no one complaining about Germany decommissioning their nuclear power plants. It's borderline anti-science quackery.

I mean, I get the sentiment. I get that people are upset, I get that people think that anyone who supports Trump is like Trump. And there may be many who are. But to pretend that every single person of the 70 million who voted for the guy is one step away from breaking the law or killing someone is stupidly reductionist. Not to mention that there's a significant difference between how Trump acted before the election and how he's acting now. Even Trumps supporters don't support what is happening.

Top comment from the top posts on /r/conservative right now:

A QAnon promoter stormed the Capitol. Now, he's upset people are saying he's 'antifa':

>["He's an idiot, either way."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksjmgb/a_qanon_promoter_stormed_the_capitol_now_hes/gigbuvb/)

>["He's one of the Q ppl for sure. Fuckin loonies."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksjmgb/a_qanon_promoter_stormed_the_capitol_now_hes/gige7w4/)

>["I read some media outlet who interviewed this guy in the fur after everyone had left the Capitol Building and he said he was chatting calmly with police towards the end as he was leaving and they just let him walk out.... Why more people weren't arrested or detained on the spot is beyond me. It seems to me like the initial giant mob of people inside dispersed fairly quickly or stayed near entrances and those who actually got into offices and the floor of the chambers was relatively small, at the very least arrest those people to start with. We were all up in arms when rioters and looters were just let go during the BLM/Antifa riots of the summer and should be equally upset here that incompetence just let these people walk out."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksjmgb/a_qanon_promoter_stormed_the_capitol_now_hes/gih9die/)

Capitol rioters could face up to 10 years in prison under Trump monument executive order: 

>["Good, play stupid games and win stupid prizes. My stance hasn't changed since the riots over the summer."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksmly8/capitol_rioters_could_face_up_to_10_years_in/gigvaxi/)

>["Bunch of embarrassing idiots. Hope they're all punished to the fullest extent of the law"](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/ksmly8/capitol_rioters_could_face_up_to_10_years_in/gigvd3e/)

Conservative journalists who've closely covered Antifa violence say leftist militants were not behind Capitol siege:

>["I don't think it was Antifa either. Clearly we have a lot of idiots on our side as well. We saw them in action."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/kslbhi/conservative_journalists_whove_closely_covered/gigwh21/)

(The top response to that is also good)

Anyone who thinks that people who are Republican overwhelmingly support what happened are just wrong. There are crazy assholes in every single group of people, from any class, gender, race, or political background. It's not unique to Trump supporters. The BLM movement had noble intentions, and the overwhelming majority of protests were peaceful and good, and most of those people condemned the actions of the small group of violent protesters who used the cause to destroy property and riot and loot. It shouldn't be surprising to anyone that the majority of people in society don't like rioting, looting, or violent protests, most people don't, regardless of what party they vote for.

I only ever go on /r/conservative when big events happen because I want to see how they are responding, and I also want to see how it differs from what Reddit as a whole interprets their response to be, and Reddit couldn't be more wrong here. I think a comment I saw summed up how many people there feel right now:

>I hope they enjoyed handing the Democrats 20 years of power at the minimum.

And this isn't to say that there aren't Trump supporters who do support what happened, of course there is. You can go to the Donald's fake subreddit and see the crazies for yourself. They're out in full force. But those people are not representative of 70 million people across the country.This is definitely a good point. You face the same problem when comparing countries as well. Even death rates can be difficult to compare because whether a death is reported as covid-related or not varies.

Trying to come up with a weighting system to account for testing would be difficult and very bias prone, we can only work with what we are given unfortunately.

The most accurate metrics will come out once everything has passed and we can compare country death rates to expected yearly averages. But even that only looks at the death, countries with better Healthcare systems may have considerably more cases and subsequent long term side effects than other countries in which more people per capita die.Did you miss the part where there's a giant stream of people walking 20 feet to the left and just going around the gate?

If these cops had stayed there, we'd be looking at a zoomed out video of the "dumb cops doing a shitty job" while people just stream past them.

The take away is not that the police let them in, the takeaway is that the police were completely unprepared for what happened, and there's plenty of possible reasons for why that happened presented in this thread if you're insistent on blaming someone. Saying the police wanted these people to break in is literally stirring the pot for division and is unfounded, there's lots of videos of police battling with protestors on the steps, pepper spraying people, being push back by 100:1 numbers.

What exactly should they have done? Pulled out machine guns and mowed them all down? That would go over well.Trump supporters are *largely* police supporters. These police are trying to do their job, they were unprepared, and when they realized that they were standing behind a fence that people could get around by moving 30 feet to the left and that everyone had already walked past them they realized it was pointless to still be there.

If they'd continued to hold that fence there would be videos zoomed out of 2 police officers holding a fence while everyone walks around them and everyone would be laughing at the "dumb cops".

The police feel more threatened at BLM marches/protests/riots because BLM is protesting against **them**. When the protestors are "supportive" of you, you don't really feel the same level of threat, that's just human nature. They didn't feel threatened because they weren't threatened by anyone. It's pretty easy to understand.

On the other hand, there were many other instances of police getting into fights, pepper spraying people, etc. Presumably those cops would feel threatened. You can't know the situation if you aren't placed there. Posturing of the people you're holding back, what they are saying, etc. all play a big part of how someone would feel.It's difficult to say exactly who or what the reason for the bombs was, but you should be aware that many Trump supporters right now are treating much of the Republican Party as being traitors. 

You may want to look at some of their news websites to get a sense of what they are feeling right now, it's important to understand the other side.

Essentially they think that Pence should have subverted the decision, even though he had no power to do so, and because he didn't, they think he's been a traitor from the start and was placed there in a "Brutus" role to end Trump completely. They also no longer support McConnell for the same reason.

Many also appear to think that Trump has been aware of all of the traitors from the start and that he's waiting to let them all expose themselves before dropping the "real proof". Many are also upset that this "proof" wasn't dropped yesterday.

Essentially many of Trumps most devoted supporters (not going to generalize all of them) only trust Trump now and feel betrayed by the Republican party.

Frankly, I don't think Trump was ever a Republican, he had very little support from the party until it became absolutely necessary to work with him, after which Republican politicians swallowed their pride and "accepted" him in order to keep their positions. Reddit likes to think that Trump represents the Republican party, but most Republican politicians were no different from before 2016 and represent the same values they always have. Actual congressional politics weren't significantly changed by Trump being the president. 

Only 6 Republicans (I believe, may be wrong on the specific count, but it wasn't very many) voiced their disagreement with the results of the electoral college yesterday. This shows that they no longer need to appease Trump.>Reddit, and other social media companies have fueled conspiracy theories and created division between Americans.

Americans created division between Americans. People treated people who posted on /r/the_Donald like they were out to kill people. When you treat someone like shit, don't be surprised when they come out thinking that you're an asshole and treating you like one. 

And yes, plenty of Trump supporters are asshole, and some of them break the law, clearly. Those people are undefendable. Anyone who breaks the law should be punished. But acting as though half the country are on the same level as the people who broke into the Capitol building, or shot up a mosque, or beat up minorities is frankly ridiculous. For 4 years, Redditors treated conservative opinions as a cancer on the site. And I'm not saying racism, I'm talking about fiscal policy, complaints about politicians, pro-gun comments (Although this is an issue that Reddit seems to be a bit split on), etc. things that would be completely reasonable discussion points in real life were treated as "trolls" because they weren't left-wing view points. 

I remember a time when people were able to point out things that Democrat politicians did that were wrong and it would be met positively. The past 4 years it was met with distrust, hatred, vitriol. You'd be tarred and feathered, even if you were provably right. There was a post recently about a net-neutrality bill that had bipartisan support, and the comments were all filled with people calling out McConnel and Republicans as the problem. It had bipartisan support... It had to go through the Democrat controlled house first... But only comments critical of Republicans weren't buried in downvotes. I care far more about honesty and truth in political discussions than which party is "good" or "bad". Call out bullshit where you see it... Acting as though someone can do no wrong because they wear a certain color or have a certain letter in front of their name is simply delusional.

When I joined Reddit, I joined because of these sorts of discussions. Articles would be looked at critically, people would dissect them and present the truth. Both right and left-wing "truth" was exposed. And that's a good thing. 6 or 7 years ago /r/politics was an actual place you could go for discussion about politics, now it's frankly just an anti-Trump circlejerk. Articles are all opinion pieces with titles that boil down to hot-takes about how we all hate Trump. They're articles that were practically made for cirlcejerking over on Reddit. The number of times that posts about Trump being orange or about his tiny hands or McConnel being old and wrinkly were at the top of politics or news subreddits is frankly ridiculous. Insulting someone for their appearance is so childish and shouldn't be accepted. It's literally middle school bully behavior.

Don't get me wrong. I don't think Trump was a good president. I think he did a lot of really stupid shit. I think he acted and continues to act extremely inappropriately and dangerously. I think that some of the things he says encourages people to act recklessly and I don't understand why he thinks anything he says will have any meaningful impact on his current situation. But labeling half the country as being traitors, or racists, or whatever you want to call them because they voted from him is just not right.

People should be free to have discussions. There are political subreddits (Small communities that are agressively neutral) that still support open discussion, but every other major subreddit that leans right of center aside from /r/conservative and /r/conspiracy (Although I especially don't support conspiracy and think that conservative does go off the deep-end sometimes when things get politically heated, I still believe they should be able to speak) has been banned. You can say that's a good thing, but I really don't think it is. You can't solve division by ignoring and suppressing people and sending them away somewhere else. That doesn't work. /r/the_Donald was "officially" banned for supporting violence against police, but subreddits like /r/badcopnodoughnut and /r/ACAB exist (I'm not making a statement about whether I think cops are all good people, they clearly aren't, I'm just pointing out that the official reasoning was clearly bullshit). Reddit was unwilling to come out and say that they didn't want right-wing people on the site. I know people will say "you shouldn't be tolerant of intolerance", but I just don't think that banning right-wing views from the site does any actual good for the country. Problems don't go away by ignoring them, and that's essentially what Reddit did by banning them.

Reddit as a company has every right to ban whoever they want but it's certainly not in the spirit of free-speech (Free-speech as a concept, not a legal doctrine, you don't need to tell me that free-speech laws don't apply to businesses or online, I'm fully aware) and I don't think it's helping anyone or society. Reddit as a business has their own reason for banning these subreddits, partly due to money and advertiser friendly content (Also why /r/chapotraphouse was banned) and partly because the people in power at Reddit have their own strong political beliefs. From an efficacy perspective, all it does is make Reddit more left-wing while the right-wing people go somewhere else and make a different website (Hint: They already have, even /r/the_Donald and it's even crazier than it was before, banishing them doesn't make them disappear, it makes them more bold). Banning right-wing thoughts from the website doesn't mean people don't have them it just means they don't have them here... It's not any better for America, just look at what's happening right now, division is at an all time high. It's like saying you've cured the homeless problem because you shipped all the homeless people somewhere else.

Companies are going to continue in the same footsteps as Reddit and begin separating people along political lines, and people will support it because many people don't like being presented with opinions they disagree with, and the problem is only going to get worse. 

Contrary to what people might think, most people who are conservatives are actually just normal people, you've almost certainly interacted with one in your daily life and not had any idea. Contrary to what people on political subreddits like to think people aren't walking embodiments of their political ideology and most people just go about their daily lives with politics taking up little of their thoughts or actions. There is more that makes us the same than makes us different.

If someone is racist, denounce their racism. If someone is inciting violence, denounce their violence. But things like mass-taggers that people used to mark someone if they posted on conservative subreddits, so that they could instantly assume the absolute worst about that person is part of the problem. That's not medias doing, that's us, and that's tribalism.>The party, as a whole, has moved farther right in the last decade.

Not really... It was a shift once the Wildrose Party merged to form the UCP. The PC's were not really socially conservative, they merged with the Canadian Alliance (Reform) which was socially and fiscally conservative to form the CPC, which wasn't necessarily socially conservative. They then merged with the Wildrose to form the UCP, and it seems like the Wildrose Party has had a significant influence on the parties social policies. 

All that aside, there are members of the UCP who are on various spectrums of social conservativism. Not everyone in every party follows the exact party lines. That's why it's always important to understand the policies of the person you're actually voting for, not just what the party policies are. Biden and Bernie are both Democrats, but hold drastically different beliefs.There are already people on the other site of the barrier. What even is this barrier? Are the people on the other side of the barrier somewhere they aren't allowed?

Because if they aren't, then the barrier shouldn't even be there in the first place.

It's not arguing semantics, it's pointing out that the police didn't "open the gate" to let them into the Capitol building. It's the difference between having someone on your driveway vs letting them in your house. That's a pretty meaningful difference.He's not wrong though. Every economy around the globe is doing badly. Even New Zealand, the poster child of successful management (From a deaths perspective, certainly true) is not doing very good, with their deficit going up significantly. 

It's not exactly fair to say that the financial situation the US is in is due to Trump and only Trump, no matter who was in power, the pandemic was going to hurt the economy.

Lumping together unemployment and financial issues is also not really fair, because there are two extremes of the options for managing the pandemic, with most countries choosing a middle ground of some sort:

1. Major lockdowns: Saves peoples lives, but costs peoples jobs. Would have been even larger levels of unemployment.

2. No lockdowns at all, mass propaganda to pretend nothing is happening: significantly more casualties, no loss of jobs because people just continue working as usual. Likely less short-term financial impact, but more long term impact due to excess deaths and hospitalizations.

Complaining about people losing their jobs (which is due to lockdowns), while also complaining that there wasn't enough lockdowns doesn't really make sense, one lead to the other, and people here resoundingly supported lockdowns, and rightfully so.

Canada is a decent comparison to the US, because we are similar in many ways. Canada has also seen a huge deficit due to their CERB implementation (Essentially an unemployment program for people who lost their job due to lockdowns). They are doing much better from a societal and health perspective, but certainly not great economically.

The balance was always social health vs economics, and economics was always lumped financial+employment, one is directly tied to the other. You can certainly argue that we didn't do enough to prevent deaths, but that would have made the financial issues even deeper, not better. 

Arguing both that the US didn't do enough to prevent deaths, while also arguing they didn't do enough to prevent damage to the economy is arguing both sides of the coin.

To his point about the "booming" economy: Whether the economy was *healthy* before Covid is questionable, many, myself included, would say it wasn't but it **was** "booming". I'd argue unsustainably and that a recession was imminent, and probably still is imminent.There is no way that's a "gate" to the capitol building. 

1. That's a temporary fence

2. There are already people PAST where that "gate" is, the person filming the video is one of them

3. The guy "waving them in" is not a cop, he's just another protestor, unless you want to be a conspiracy theorist and claim that he's undercover or something, but it wouldn't matter either way, because of points 1 and 2.

I don't know what this is a video of, but it's certainly not them opening to door to let them in.It doesn't really matter because it's true. A question shouldn't be able to be misinterpreted to change someone's answer completely. It took me 2 seconds to rewrite the question to remove the trap. The fact that they didn't see that is embarrassing. It has nothing to do with being smart, it's just a way of thinking and one that can be innate or taught.

Even worse, look at this question:

https://imgur.com/X9Gnosa

"Are you Spanish, Hispanic, or Latino, or none of these?" "Yes" "No" are the two options you have.

The way the question is asked if you answer "No" it means you are neither Spanish, Hispanic, Latino, nor any other race. The set includes all possible races. You literally can't answer "No" to the question unless you have no race.

This is further proof that the question writer doesn't have a logic background. The author probably has a higher percentage of Hispanic people than they should if people actually parse the question correctly.

I also recognized what I said sounded pompous and edited it before I saw your comment.>The ethical position is if an untaxed entity should be allowed to be "Rescued" by tax money they don't pay.  

The answer to that is yes. Because this is to rescue the employees, not the employer (the church). PPP is for employees, not employers. According to the law, the employees for a non-profit organization are exactly the same as employees for any other business. They pay income tax, that's all that matters. And like other businesses that were shut down due to covid, the workers who pay income tax are given money to allow them to continue "working". The alternative would be laying everyone off, having them collect EI, and the  hire them all again, either way the employees are recieving tax money. This way they are still "employed".Does a CEO of a company need to pay their employees out of their own pocket when it's the business that is supposed to pay them?

No matter what you think about the person, no matter what you think about religion, no matter what you think about churches not paying tax on income, the church employs people, those people pay tax on their income, and the PPP loan is to cover their income while the company they work for has been required to be non-operational.

Any company, business, or venture that has been unable to operate because the government told them they aren't able to deserves to be compensated. In this case, PPP loans are given to this company to allow them to pay their employees. It's not the employers fault for the government telling them they can't operate and it shouldn't matter how much money the owner has, they aren't responsible for their loss of income.

If you were unable to work because the government told you that you can't, would you not feel entitled to compensation for lost wages? Obviously you would/do.>Except poor Republicans on assistance programs like food stamps vote for people who want to end those programs

I don't think anything I wrote suggests that this doesn't make sense. Many of them may be fully aware that that is the case, but feel that religious rights and "conservative values" matters more to them. I explicitly split Republican voters into 3 possible groups, the people you described here would fall under group 3.

I am not pro-life, but think of it from their perspective. They **literally** think that abortion is murder. You are murdering an innocent baby every time you get an abortion. They would see any government that supports such a thing as essentially being a murderous evil and two-faced party. They would see that party as saying that they care about everyone, and then turn around and support the murder of babies.

From their perspective, that would be horrendous, no? Let's say the Democrats supported the indiscriminate murder of all criminals, regardless of level of crime committed, would you not see the Republican party in a more favorable light than you do currently?

When trying to understand voting habits, you really need to understand the people and their ideology, you can't just look at it from your own perspective and your own beliefs.>If you don't own a car (as many poor people, a demographic that suffers obesity at far higher rates, do not), it's the cost in time and money to take the bus, possibly for hours, to get to the store. Poor areas are often "food deserts" where no proper grocer can be found for miles.

Ah yes, it's a much better way to spend your time going to McDonalds every single day rather than going to the grocery store once a week. Because that makes total sense.

>When fresh produce goes bad quickly. Without owning a car, grocery trips to the store once or more a week may not be possible. And they would only be limited to what they can physically carry.

What is a fridge? Even the poorest people in America have a fridge. Lettuce doesn't go bad in a week.

>If you live paycheck to paycheck you can't buy bulk; every single penny matters.

If you can afford a phone, you can afford to save $5 to buy some bulk rice, and then you'll be saving money over time. You're telling people that you should continue to spend more on food when you can save up a very small amount to begin saving money every week. The return on switching to bulk foods is way higher over the long term than just continuing to wallow spending more every single week on food.

>When you are poor you can't afford waste. If you don't know how to cook you literally can't afford to learn. The upfront cost of spices is beyond their budget and the cost of spoiling a meal by burning or ruining it means the family goes hungry that day.

This is such a defeatist attitude, holy shit. You can just find anything to justify shitty habits and behavior, can't you?

You can literally just google "How to cook chicken breast": First hit is a 4 step instruction: 1. Preheat oven to 400F 2. Add spice if desired 3. lightly grease dish or pan 4. Bake chicken for 22-26 minutes

Cooking isn't some advanced degree or defusing a bomb, it's really really hard to fuck up to the point that the food is inedible. The fact that you think it is makes me question your entire post.

>No single healthy meal takes less than 30-40 minutes of prep and cooking. The healthiest meals, which often require oven roasting vegetables that have to be washed and trimmed, can take an hour or more.

There's a difference between "healthy" and "covered in lard and sugar". It's really really easy to make something that is healthier than McDonalds, you don't need 30-40 minutes of prepping and cooking, and even if you did, a lot of the cooking is idle work that you don't even really need to pay attention to. You're saying these things as if no one has experience with cooking. You can't gaslight someone over how long and arduous cooking is... This is just simply a lie.

>And the Civil War had nothing to do with slavery, it was about the south's economic rights. The right to do what, you ask? Hmmm..

WTF is that supposed to mean? Are you honestly suggesting that I'm a racist because I think that people who eat unhealthy more often than not are using their life circumstances to justify their own laziness? I never even mentioned race. When 73% of Americans are overweight, I think it's pretty clear that it transcends race and economic class, so what exactly is your point here? 

More to that point. What percentage of Americans work 2 jobs? I'll tell you. [It's 4.9% in 2017](https://www.bls.gov/opub/ted/2018/4-point-9-percent-of-workers-held-more-than-one-job-at-the-same-time-in-2017.htm?view_full#:~:text=SUBSCRIBE-,4.9%20percent%20of%20workers%20held%20more%20than%20one,the%20same%20time%20in%202017&text=The%20multiple%20jobholding%20rate%E2%80%94the,which%20were%20above%206.0%20percent.). So much for your logic of being overworked. Even if you work a 12 hour shift you still have 4 hours in the day outside of 8 hours of sleep and work to make food. And that assumes you work 7 days a week, and most people are not working 12 hour days 7 days a week. If you have a day off you can cook meals for the week and freeze them and you'll have your entire 4 hours every single day to spend relaxing or with your kids.

>It's about people who have no time and no money using what little time and money they have on something other than food prep. But why don't they have time and money?

Yes, clearly it's not because even if every single person living below the poverty line was overweight, that doesn't account for 73% of the population. It doesn't matter anyways, everyone knows being poor is hard, that doesn't mean it's out of your control whether you are obese of not, it's completely your own fault. Take some fucking personal responsibility and don't blame everyone else for your problems.Thank you. You're the first person I've seen who actually seems to have tried cooking for themselves. Everyone else here is off their rocker saying that it's more expensive to cook your own food. It's probably half the price to cook your own food and twice as healthy.

Cooking something like spaghetti or chicken breast with some seasoning on it literally takes 20 minutes and you don't even need to watch it. Everyone's acting like it's defusing a bomb and takes half the day. It seems like they'd rather blame society and them being broke/working long hours to justify eating unhealthy and being lazy.

I mean shit, if you have time to post on Reddit you have enough time to cook spaghetti, literally.You don't need to exercise to lose weight, you just need to eat less. Exercise helps you be healthier and burns **some** calories, but the distance you need to run to burn off a bag of chips is way further than the average person would actually exercise. You need to run at 6 Miles per hour for **42 minutes straight** to burn 500 calories. A fast food burger is like, 1000-1200 calories. 

People who exercise and don't change their diet and expect to lose weight will be sorely disappointed.

Additionally, I don't understand this whole "It's expensive to eat healthy" thing. You can buy your own ground beef and buns and toppings for 6 people for the price of 2 or 3 hamburgers from a fast food place and it will have half the calories if not less and taste way better.

The time thing I can understand. When I'm on field rotation working 12-14 hour days I'm beat and don't want to cook, but the reality is that people **DO** have time to cook, they would just rather spend it relaxing after a long day. 

You can make spaghetti for insanely cheap, even if you buy premade sauce. Literally buy noodles in bulk, buy ground beef in bulk, buy a premade jar of sauce and you can cook it in 25 minutes, half of that time not even paying attention while you watch TV. Or if you want something more interesting, buy a jar of butter chicken sauce, chicken breast in bulk, and rice. Again, like 30 minutes of cooking, half of that waiting for rice to steam and you'll have a super cheap tasty meal.

Obesity has nothing to do with being unable to eat healthy due to social class, economics, etc. It's completely because people would rather spend the little time they have doing something else and get easy food. I get it, but it's not a very good excuse.Thank you... All these posts about bailouts from people who don't understand that the majority of money given in bailouts is through loans are so obnoxious. 

Why do you think some companies like Boeing were so opposed to taking money from the government? Because the government was demanding that Boeing sell them shares as the means of receiving the bailout money and Boeing is too pig-headed to accept that they need it.

The ignorance of people when it comes to economics is astounding, but sadly doesn't surprise me. Being "woke" is more important than being right.

Not to mention the person who posted this meme fucked up the most easily researchable fact: Starbucks did not receive bailout money.Look at what items constitute the cost of living in Canada:

1. Rent
2. Food
3. Auto insurance and associated costs
4. TV, Phone, Internet payments, Netflix, etc.

Even in a high cost of living city like Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver, etc. you aren't going to spend $2000/month on food, auto insurance and gas, and phone/internet. 

The major reason high cost of living places are expensive is because of rent. Anyone who wasn't paying **ANY** rent was intentionally not paying rent. The government told them they didn't need to and they couldn't be evicted, so they didn't. It's an obvious conclusion. Why spend money when I can just not spend money and continue to live here for free?And on the other hand, many Democrats feel strongly about being anti-gun, so it's a difficult choice. The Democrats can always gain more support by closing the gap between them and the Republicans (And vice-versa), because it's a two party system. The only thing preventing parties from doing that is principles and perhaps an attempt at reducing voter apathy.>Trump added more to the debt in 4 years than any other president except Obama (who added 20% more than Trump, but in 8 years not 4).

Obama's rate of debt increase was higher than Trump's up until the whole pandemic and resulting economic collapse thing, so you can't fairly compare the two.

That being said, house Republican's have actually been complaining about Trump spending for a couple years now. There are plenty of Republican politicians that at least stand by what they say. Even if you disagree with their beliefs, honesty is always a good thing.

I think there were quite a few people who voted Trump in 2016 for similar reasons, expecting him to turn the government on its head, but it just ended up being more of the same, if not worse. Those same people didn't vote for him in 2020, like you, but he gained some extra support from social conservatives.>helping poorer people helps the economy more than any other type of help

And how far do you take that? Would it be beneficial to the economy to have every single person on completely equal footing? Or is there a middle ground that encourages people to strive for more, and reward that behavior with additional income? Where that line is is where there is disagreement. You can certainly find someone who wrote an article somewhere that will support complete income equality as being a great world to live in, and you can certainly find articles that will support the opposite.

>don't try that "both sides" bullshit when every single time there's a Republican administration the country ends it far worse than it did at the beginning.

The "both sides bullshit" is just being realistic. If you refuse to accept that there are left-wing people who are naively idealistic, then you're simply delusional. You can't claim that the right-wing holds all the 

Second, you realize this is an opinion, correct?

You treat conservative policy decisions as being worse, and that's fine, you're free to your opinion. They are morally worse to you, but there is no factual basis in what is better or worse for moral issues. To a conservative who thinks abortion is murder, banning abortion would be a step in the right direction. To you, it would be making the country worse.

You're looking at the world through your own lens of what is good and what is bad. Your argument only applies to factually incorrect beliefs, and as I said, there are only a few of them.>and try to keep their voters hyper focused on one or two issues to distract from the sometimes contradictory policy platforms.

I think the way the Republican party achieves this is because many of the economic right who vote Republican simply don't care what the social policies are. They would vote for whatever party will financially benefit them. Meanwhile, the social right who vote Republican vote based on religious issues, abortion, etc. To them, religion is literally more important than their life on earth, abortion is murder, etc. To them these are issues that rise above whatever economic policies the party has.

Trump in particular also set out to bring jobs back to the rural communities. As far as I'm aware he actually did try, it wasn't just a ploy for more votes. This policy would appeal to both the economic and social conservatives.

It basically boils down to there being four groups of people:

1. Economic and social conservatives. These people will vote Republican of course.

2. Economic conservatives and social liberals. This may be the urban rich. A certain percentage of these people will vote Republican because economic issues matter more to them than social issues.

3. Economic liberals and social conservatives. This may be the rural poor. A certain percentage of these people will vote Republican because social issues matter more to them than economic issues.

4. Economic liberals and social liberals. These people will vote Democrat of course.

The election is decided by groups 2 and 3.I agree. Education stats are always walked out, seemingly with the intention of saying "Look, anyone who is educated voted Democrat", clearly with the intention of saying "Anyone smart voted Democrat, only morons voted Republican".

I have a graduate degree, and I can tell you, the higher up in education you get the weirder the people are and the less likely I am to trust their opinions on anything outside their field of study. Having an education does not make you smart, it makes you educated in a narrow field that you studied. I've met contractors with a high school diploma that are smarter than people with a masters degree. Not smart in that they know about politics, but that they are just clearly more broadly intelligent and able to problem solve better. I can almost guarantee I wouldn't get along with them from a social/political standpoint, but that doesn't mean I'm blind to the fact that they *are* smart people.

This whole issue stems around a cognitive bias, just because you are educated in medicine doesn't make you an expert in economic policy or social welfare programs. This might come off as a "Shut up and dribble" argument, but it's still true, politicians understand politics more than you, and if you think they don't, you're no different than the middle aged guy sitting on the couch with a beer telling the MLB player that he sucks and that he could do better. People who are experts in a certain field will always attribute more value to that field. An economist will place more importance on the economy than the average person, and a doctor will place more importance on health than the average person. If you're a hammer, everything you see is a nail, and if you're a screwdriver, everything you see is a screw. A politician needs to understand what is actually important from as unbiased of a place as possible, and balance the individual experts telling them that X is most important.

As an aside: Everyone always touts "You don't need to go to college to get a good paying job, look at trades schools!", and then turns around and says "Look at all the dumb people who voted Republican". Those Republicans are far more likely to have a trades degree than the city living Democrats. So which is it, are trades schools fine, or do they mean you're stupid?

People need to get away from the argument that Republicans are just dumb people who haven't "seen the light" of the Democratic party, it's simply not realistic and only hurts their efforts. Republicans see it as Democrats being elitists who think they are better than them.I'm sure you'll find that the business faculties at most universities will be more economically right-wing than the other faculties, the humanities departments will be more socially left-wing than other faculties, and the other faculties are slight economically and socially left of the area the university is in. Science departments will not be new earth creationists or anti-evolution, but neither are most sane conservatives.

Many Right/Left wing issues are not "right/wrong", it's all a matter of opinion and varying importance on issues. People seem to attribute right/wrong to morality based issues like abortion, subsidized housing, or extra social services. Or to be more topical: Whether lockdown measures are drastic enough. Lockdown measures are a balancing act. Locking down has negative economic impacts, but positive social impacts, not locking down has the opposite effect. Right/Left-wing people both understand that this is true, but where they draw that line is different. Right-wing people will put more value in the economy, while left-wing people will put more value in society. There is no "right/wrong" factual answer. You're applying your own moral opinion to the situation if you think there is.

There are of course "right-wing" opinions that **are** *factually* wrong, such as the existence of anthropogenic climate change. But people online seem to misattribute all right-wing opinions as being wrong when often the issue is not one that can be wrong.

Reality has no bias. There are idealist left-wingers that are completely out of touch with what is realistic, and there are right-wingers who stick to factually incorrect beliefs. Most right/left wing issues are not based around factually defined problems, but moral balancing acts in which both sides simply have different opinions, and that's completely fine.>that doesn't mean a cop should get paid vacation or a promotion soon after murdering a citizen, mistake or not.

The largest reason they get a "paid vacation" is because people are innocent until proven guilty. It would be so wrong to assume that every police officer who killed someone was guilty of murder first, fire them, and then go through the investigation. There is little that they can do without looking bad, and I'd rather have the police officer off the street while the trial and investigation is ongoing, I think most people would agree with that.

I agree with the rest of your statement. 

People on Reddit have no understanding of nuance on these kind of issues, talking about it is just asking for downvotes/user-generated-censorship. I legitimately don't see how anything I said is racist in any way, and honest discussions about these things is important.Did you even read my comment? I'll quote the part that you didn't seem to read or care about, rather than bothering to reply to you.

>What should be focused on are the things that do show racial prejudice. Stop and search being more commonly targeted at minorities, when there is no evidence of any wrongdoing, minorities receiving harsher penalties for the same crime, etc.A church sells a product and collects money from people. A church **IS** a business. And it should be taxed like any other business (Which many are not).

Churches have employees who rely on their employer to pay them so they can feed their families. If a church business is not able to pay it's employees, it's no different than an art gallery, or a printing shop, or a bakery being unable to pay it's employees.

And before you say anything, I'm an atheist. I don't need to think religion is important to think that they should be getting compensated for having their income cut over something they had no control over. They were forced to make a decision that negatively impacted their revenue, just like every other business, and just like many Americans.

If you lost revenue because of a government decision that was outside your control, you should be compensated, period.As an atheist, I don't see why a church wouldn't receive PPP, they **ARE** a business. The atheist in me thinks they're snake oil salesman, but they do sell a product to people and they do collect money from people. Now, the problem is that they likely don't pay anywhere near how much they should in taxes, so they are kind of double dipping here... 

They were also prevented from running their business due to government mandates, just like any other business. If the government forces you to close your business and you lose money, you should be compensated for that. Any business and any person that was forced to lose money due to government mandates should be compensated. They were forced to make a decision that negatively impacted their finances, just like every American that was fired. 

The amount is larger than one would have expected, and I'd imagine that's largely because they receive considerable amounts of money via donations but still classify as a small business under the rules set by PPP (Let's say, <200 employees).

I think them being a religious organization is completely irrelevant to the story. I don't care about art galleries, but I still think they should be compensated for lost revenue.

The article states:

>Lakewood finally applied for the PPP loan and has been able to provide full salaries and benefits including health insurance coverage to all of its employees and their families.

They employ people, just like anyone else, and if they've been impacted, they should be compensated.Of course that's your response. Why do I even bother? You clearly didn't even read my first post, you read the first line and just plugged your ears, cried that minorities don't commit more crimes, despite evidence suggesting they do, and assumed that I assume it's some innate trait of their race.

Crime has nothing to do with race. It has to do with class, it has to do with income inequality, it has to do with community values. There's no difference between a white person in the hood and a black person in the hood.

But whatever, you're too stuck in your beliefs and just treat any disagreement, even one that is so painfully obvious as being evil and racist. I hope your political understanding matures as you get older.>Black neighbourhoods are overpoliced so of course they have higher rates of crime. And white neighborhoods are under policed so of course they have lower rates of crime.

How do you know this is true? How do you know that Black neighborhoods don't actually have more crime? Crime statistics show poorer communities have more crime, regardless of race. Poor white communities have more crime than affluent white communities. So are you sure that Black communities, which tend to be poorer, have the same level of crime as white communities, which tend to be more affluent? 

If you say that they're policed more and so they catch more criminals, that's not really a very good case, because it would obviously also be easily defendable that the reason they police more is because there's more crime... 

The information we have is this: Poor communities have a higher rate of arrests and criminal calls, regardless of race.

Crime is often done out of necessity. Poorer people will be put into a situation where crime is a better option far more often than well-off people. Someone from a nice suburb with a good education has far more lucrative and far less risky ways of making money than breaking and entering, drug dealing, or armed robbery. If you have a citation that shows that crime in white neighborhoods is just as common, but not policed, I'd love to see it.

>Literally I've gotten away with multiple things black people would've gotten the book thrown at them for.

That has nothing to do with whether or not black people being killed by police is a good indicator of police prejudice, and actually is the entire point I made. You'll see that if you read the last paragraph, which I feel like you didn't, based on your response.>Poorer communities have poor people crimes. Drugs, alcohol, domestic violence. Rich people neighborhoods have just as much crime, but it's mostly fraud of one kind or another.

One of those forms of crime is more dangerous than the other. The drug dealer is far more likely to have a weapon or be a threat to police than the guy who committed tax fraud. You don't even need to raid the guy who committed tax fraud, you just walk up to his door and tell him he's being charged with tax fraud and arrest him. The risk is lower, that's not racial prejudice, it's just obvious. Poorer neighborhoods are going to be more dangerous to police than suburbs.

>I know more people than that - white males, good jobs - but the others have rather worse crimes and are more identifiable.

If police are called to a poor community because there's suspicion of someone dealing drugs, the police are far more likely to come expecting that there will be retaliation of some kind vs. being called to someone's place because they are using drugs (Also, police don't even go out because of suspected drug use, regardless of white/minority. Drug possession is usually tacked on when they find it while there for a different reason).

>Police kill white guys too, but they're over 70, or autistic, or deaf, or having a schizophrenic episode. Poor neighborhoods are vulnerable.

In 2019, of the 26 White unarmed people killed, 6 were 18-29 (23%), 15 were 30-44 (58%), and 5 were 45 and older (19%). Mental illness was reported as a factor in 7 of those cases (27%).

In 2019, of the 12 Black unarmed people killed, 1 was under 18 (8%), 4 were 18-29 (33%), 5 were 30-44 (42%), and 2 were 45 and older (16%). Mental illness was reported as a factor in 2 of those cases (17%).

So I wouldn't say that White people tend to be old. They appear to skew older, but not 70+ as you suggest. There is some evidence that there may be more associated with mental illness, but with such a small sample size, the error bars are pretty large. If you look over 2015-2020, it's 23.7% and 17.5% of White and Black cases for mental illness. 

I guess my point is this: There is a focus on unjustified police shootings in the media and society. This is trotted as being proof of the problem, but it's not very good proof. If you look at the numbers, it's actually pretty bad evidence of racial prejudice by police. The numbers of unjustified police deaths are really low. Low to the point where I don't know that it would drop very much even with massive overhauls to the police system. What should be focused on are the things that **do** show racial prejudice. Stop and search being more commonly targeted at minorities, when there is no evidence of any wrongdoing, minorities receiving harsher penalties for the same crime, etc. These things have numbers to back them up that actually do show there are issues in society. 

Going out and saying "Police are murdering Black people at a higher rate than White people! This shows how bad the system is!" is not a good basis for pushing for reform because it's not actually a good metric for whether we've accomplished anything meaningful once we make changes, and it doesn't address the much larger issues in the justice system. Police could cut unjustified fatal shootings against Black people by half and it would be touted as a massive success, despite minorities still being abused in other ways.>Except the measure that compares the US's number of police killings to other Western or nations. Then it's still exceedingly high. For example, about 18 times higher than Germany (EDIT: per capita, that is).

Sure, but when you're working with small numbers it becomes almost meaningless. If Germany had 1 death and the US had 18, it's significantly different than if Germany have 1000 and the US had 18,000. When you look at Germany vs. US for % of interactions that would be deadly, they would both by in the sub 0.01% range. At that point, distinctions are only made by those with an agenda.

>No, that's 5.4% of all fatalities. If it were 10 unarmed victims, then it'd be 1%.

Ahh, you're correct, I don't know how I didn't realize the simple math error... I copied the 1% from filtering the list to "Unarmed" and "2019", and it says 1% of people match the list, but that's not 1% of cases, that's 1% of cases from 2015 - 2020. My bad, I'll correct my comment above. Thank you.

https://i.imgur.com/jwnZEuM.png

>It's also misleading to act like the outrage is about the amount of killings or other abuses of power alone rather than the lack of accountability.

I don't think it is at all. We get large protests any time an unarmed minority is killed by police with signs like "Don't shoot" making headlines. People make jokes about how police in the US shoot innocent black people all the time. These are exaggerative statements that don't really follow reality. The real truth is that minorities are treated worse, but the focus is very clearly on police murders. It's the central issue that people base things around. "We need more accountability because police are killing minorities". No. We need more accountability because police abuse their power. The deaths appear to be the thing people latch onto when I honestly think it's the lesser problem.

>it appears as a weird attempt to argue against the call for police reforms, with the only argument being that there are other problems too.

If you think me pointing out that the obsession of the media and society to latch onto fatal shootings by police as a centerpiece for police reform is bad, precisely because someone can easily pick apart the argument, while I also point out what the media **should** be latching onto, namely police abuse of power, then I'd say you're looking for enemies where there are none.The inconvenient truth is that poorer communities have more crime in them, for several reasons, and minorities are more likely to live in poorer communities, for several reasons.

Raids happen in places where more crimes are committed. You are far less likely to find a drug dealers house in some middle-class suburb, where there are more white people by percentage.

So you're far less likely to see raids happening in whiter neighborhoods.

Possibly slightly off topic: There will never be **zero** police killings, just like how there will never be zero car accident fatalities. It's just completely unrealistic. People are **way** safer today than they were 10-20-30 years ago. The media makes the world seem so unsafe, so dangerous, that any interaction with a cop is rolling a dice to see if you'll be murdered, but it's simply not true. 

[This Washington Post article/database](https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/investigations/police-shootings-database/?itid=lk_inline_manual_5) provides a handy search tool where you can sort by year, gender, race, and whether they were unarmed, etc.

In 2019, 999 people were killed by police. By any measure that is an exceedingly low number of deaths, considering there are tens of millions of police interactions per year ([53,469,300 in 2015](https://www.bjs.gov/index.cfm?ty=pbdetail&iid=6406)).

Of those 999, 54 were unarmed. That is 1% of all fatalities (Edit: 5.4%, the 1% was taken from the article summing all the deaths from 2015-2020, doi. Thank you /u/munnimann!). Harking back to the point I made before, expecting this number to be 0 is simply not realistic. 

Of those 54, 26 were White, 12 were Black, 11 were Hispanic, and 5 were "other". So Black and Hispanic people are overrepresented, but if we account for the fact that Black and Hispanic communities will have more police interactions (because of my first point about poorer communities having more crime) it's hard to even say if you're more likely to be killed during a police interaction as an unarmed White person or an unarmed minority (I can't find anything that talks about police interactions broken down by race). 

Regardless, your odds are literally 1 in a million of being killed by police while unarmed. But for some reason, this is treated as a bigger deal than say, obesity, heart disease ([655,000 each year](https://www.cdc.gov/heartdisease/facts.htm#:~:text=Heart%20Disease%20in%20the%20United%20States&text=One%20person%20dies%20every%2036,1%20in%20every%204%20deaths.)), fentanyl/heroin ([67,367 drug OD deaths in 2018](https://www.cdc.gov/drugoverdose/data/statedeaths.html)), car accidents ([36,000 traffic fatalities in 2019](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motor_vehicle_fatality_rate_in_U.S._by_year)), etc. There's so many more things in our society that are a way larger problem that are essentially ignored.

If people want to help, they should focus their efforts more on mistreatment that minorities receive from police, not unjustified deaths, because the case they make doesn't seem that strong when you actually look at the risk and the numbers. But that's just my opinion.The difference being that CERB/CRB is actually unemployment insurance, not a stimulus bill. Canada has not offered a stimulus bill.

This $600 goes to everyone in the US. State unemployment insurance may be claimable by any individual who has lost their job and is looking for employment. This is something that no one mentions. I don't know the exact circumstances, maybe many people aren't able to apply for EI.

CERB/CRB is only given to people who have lost a job due to Covid. If you haven't, you get absolutely no money. 

Although the Canadian feds just announced a meaningless $400 for anyone who worked from home during the pandemic. This is stupid for several reasons:

1. There is no apparent need to provide proof, so literally everyone who received a paycheck and doesn't work at a grocery store or something will be able to claim this, fraud levels will be higher than CERB fraud.

2. This mainly benefits white collar, middle class jobs, people who don't need the money (I say this as one of them).

This is clearly some sort of ploy by the feds to appease the people who will be paying for all the government spending the Canadian government has done the past 9 months and the giant hole we need to dig ourselves out of. $400 is not going to make matter compared to the tax hikes that will come.You do understand that the House is run by Democrats, right? They approved and put this inside the bill, who cares if a Republican proposed it, the Democrats accepted it and lumped it in.

If a Republican suggested to add that all crimes would be punishable by death, and the Democrats said "Yup, sounds good" and put it in, that wouldn't be on the Republicans, it's on both of them for accepting and putting it in.>But where are the people who act so woke and media concious?

That's just a ploy. They aren't woke, they just don't like being proven wrong, so they look into stories that present things they don't like.

If someone sees something they do like, they won't bother looking into it, and if that "something" is held by a majority of the Reddit population (in this case, "Russia is evil") then you won't really see the other side/the truth.

Reddit makes this even worse because a lot of news stories won't even make it out of new if it's too positive of people the masses don't like.Thank you. Canada's CERB and CRB programs are EI, you only qualify if you are unemployed due to covid. I have been employed throughout this whole thing and haven't received a single dollar.

Not that that's a bad thing, but if you want to be reasonable, you need to look at state EI.

Canadian provinces also likely pay EI on top of covid relief, although I'm not entirely sure how that works.Lump Canada in there as well, only people who were unemployed due to covid qualify for CERB, and in September they switched it over to CRB, which requires you to be actively looking for a job to qualify.

Using qualifiers like "up to" just adds more confusion... Is it 10% of lost income up to a several million dollars? Or what? There's no frame of reference. It's like those dumb ads that say "You could earn up to $1000 a day!" when no one can actually ever achieve that. 

There's no question as to why it's so heavily upvoted. It paints a picture that people want to see.

If you want to be transparent you'd need to include state/provincial EI to these numbers as well.>Those that police stay away from remain peaceful.

There are riots associated with sports games. They have nothing to do with police being there or not.

The truth is that there are people who go to protests and don't escalate, and there are those who go to protests with the hope of escalation. It seems like the majority of violent protests occur after hours. That's why I'm in support of curfews, I think that the people who riot are simply using the protests as a scape-goat for their desire to be violent.>However, in civilian use, why do you need to use this shit. Like jesus guys they're unarmed.

How do you deal with unruly crowds that end up damaging public or private property?

Tear gas is the "safest" method. It's really easy to not be impacted by tear gas, just leave. It's really hard to not be impacted by someone shooting a rubber bullet at you.

I don't understand people who treat tear gas as the worst thing ever. It's the best of all possible options for dispersing a crowd.>hoarding that much money for oneself is inherently a selfish act. No one realistically needs that much and at some point it's pure greed and selfishness that drives a person to accumulate more rather than charitably give it away.

Do you not understand what retirement means?

If you want to be earning $40,000/year in retirement (Which is lower than most peoples target), you'll need to save around $1,000,000.00 and only draw on the interest (conservatively estimated at 4%). You don't just save money to be Scrooge McDuck, you save money so you don't need to be working when you're 70 years old.Or don't buy anything unless you need it. People are honestly so dumb. It's like they:

1. Don't realize corporations exist because people buy their products.

2. Don't realize they are consumers and by buying products they encourage corporations to produce more products.

3. Don't understand that when calculating your footprint you need to actually account for the cost of the products you buy, and that the corporation isn't just producing emissions for no reason.

4. Don't realize they are included the global 1% who consume way too much.

5. Just want to deflect blame on everyone else because they are either too stupid to understand or don't want to change their lifestyles but don't want to look like an asshole. 

Someone further down actually said that changing their behavior won't matter because a big corporation produces tonnes of CO2. If everyone changed their behavior it WOULD have a big impact... That's the whole point... It's the prisoner's dilemma. Everyone is just looking out for themselves and it ends up fucking over everyone.

It's actually sad to see all these comments. Being ignorant of your roll in all of this is actually worse to me than being aware of it and just admitting you don't want to change.You realize that the average Westerner is in the richest 1% in the world...?

https://www.cnbc.com/2018/11/07/how-much-money-you-need-to-be-in-the-richest-10-percent-worldwide.html

The top 1% in the world earn $45k per year. The top 10% have a net worth of $95k. That's literally every single person in the West.

>The part you mentioned about the top 10% (probably your average American) only needed to decrease by 10% seems very achievable

You misread that... He said they need to cut to around 1/10th. That's a 90% reduction, not a 10% reduction....That doesn't make a difference because the employee would go after the intermediary for lost wages.

Once that intermediary loses because they actually didn't pay their wages, they'll turn around and demand money from Apple if they never paid them (hint, Apple **did** pay the company in this case).

This is exactly the situation that happened here. The intermediary (ie, the contractor Apple hired) didn't pay their employees with the money Apple gave them and the employees took matters into their own hands.

Apple is not responsible for paying the wages of Indian factory workers. If they were, why would they even hire the other company in the first place? They hired a contractor to do the hiring, wages, set up, etc. That's their job.Are you saying this because you know they do this or because you think they **could** do this?

Because I've worked in contract development for a large construction firm and when we would hire a contractor, we didn't really have much control over what subcontractors they hired and didn't really care. The original contractor was the one responsible for any issues that arose due to their subs. We'd get what we want no matter what and the contractor knew that. If they weren't paying their subs, that is a legal dispute between them, we would be looped in, but to my knowledge we wouldn't be ultimately responsible. If the contractor turned around and said it was our fault they'd be laughed out of the room, assuming we paid them.>I spoke from my heart to a person that admitted to being a pedophile and admitted to wanting children in the future.

How is a pedophile having children any different than a non-pedophile having adult children? Most people aren't attracted to their own offspring... Biological impulses that people don't control more or less prevents that from happening.

It's "acceptable" for a 60 year old to date a 44 year old. Maybe kind of weird, but most people wouldn't think it's weird. So should a 60 year old parent be careful around their 44 year old daughter because they might get sexual urges? Of course not, that's ridiculous.

>I spoke to what I hope they are aware occurs when that tiny soul's trust is broken by someone so damned important in their life.

The guy clearly recognizes his issues and has done a LOT to prevent it from becoming a problem. You're essentially telling him to not have kids because he's going to fuck up when nothing suggests that will happen aside from his condition.

>Why are you incapable of seeing that I simply expressed my hope that he is being sincere?

Because you're being extremely judgmental. Do you give warning to every parent that you "sincerely hope that they care for their kid like they said they would"? Normal parents fuck up their kids lives all the time, and I guarantee you don't. Nothing suggests that this guy is not sincere or that he'll be a bad parent, you literally are projecting.Mark Zuckerberg "has" $102.1 Billion. He is the 5th richest person in the world.

If you pretend that he can turn this all into liquid currency somehow and divided it up amongst every American, everyone would get $310. That's an ok amount of money, but it's far from life changing, and it would mean he loses everything (If you really wanted to help people you'd set something up to donate the interest that you earn on your $102.1 Billion, as you could continue this until you die).

If you split this amongst everyone on earth, everyone would get a whopping $13.44. What subway sandwich are you going to buy with your Zuck bucks?

This ignores the fact that Zuckerberg's wealth is non-liquid. The majority of his wealth is from owning Facebook shares and even if he wanted to sell all of his shares, the stock price would plummet as he sold them, he would end up with a fraction of his "net worth" in actual liquid cash.

There are people who are out there that can help the world, but the actual good they can do for the average person is pretty small, even if they gave away literally everything they have in an impossible way. 

And don't forget these people are rich because they made something that every wants and enjoys using. They HAVE contributed and helped the world. Microsoft in itself, ignoring what the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation is doing, was incredibly important for what the earth is today. They brought computers to the average person, which is undebatably the most important invention of our century.>And I have a ton of Canadian family. Nobody has supplemental insurance.

Your family isn't telling you, or doesn't care to mention it. You can look it up, Canadian dental, optometry, physiotherapy, and prescriptions are not free, these are very common things that people will have insurance for. You can pay out of pocket just like in the US, but it will be more expensive, and just like in the US, many people will have insurance through work.

[Green Shield Canada](https://www.greenshield.ca/en-ca), [Manulife Health Insurance](https://www.manulife.ca/personal/insurance/health-insurance.html), [Alberta Blue Cross](https://www.ab.bluecross.ca/), [Sunlife](https://www.sunlife.ca/en/explore-products/insurance/health-insurance/personal-health-insurance/). These are all insurance companies that offer these things.

Yes, no one said that a procedure such as birth wouldn't be covered. I said: *"Canadians also need to have insurance, because not everything is free, contrary to what you may here. Ambulances aren't entirely free, dental isn't free, optometry isn't free, prescriptions aren't free, anything that is seen as an elective surgery isn't free"*

>This is dumb. Nobody needs insurance until they need insurance.

When over a third of the population is literally obese, with all the associated health consequences, you pay for everyone else's poor decisions and contribute more than you will statistically get back out. We are talking about statistics here. I could die any second, so I guess I shouldn't bother getting a job? No, of course not, because statistically I will live a long time and need a job to pay for the costs of living. The statistically average person doesn't get cancer and need to spend a million dollars, if that was the case, the country would be bankrupt from medical costs.People on /r/Alberta are not good at understanding how others think. That much has been proven time and time again.

There are plenty of good reasons why someone would be pro-life, and plenty of good reasons why someone would be pro-choice. Leave people to their own opinion and don't worry so much about people putting up a sign with their opinion, who cares?>More in fact than any other country on earth:

Those numbers don't match. If the US spent $1.2 trillion in 2019 (We'll ignore that they say over $152 billion is income tax deduction for employee insurance plans, but that should be removed if you're only focusing on the "extra" that the US spends), divided by 328.2 million people, that's **$3,656/person** in taxes towards healthcare.

Canada spent [$264 billion](https://www.cihi.ca/en/health-spending#:~:text=In%202019%2C%20total%20health%20expenditure,gross%20domestic%20product%20\(GDP\).) in 2019, divided by 37.6 million, that's **$7,021/person** in taxes towards healthcare.

So US insurance plans that have premiums that cost less than $3,365/year would save you money (Roughly $300/month).

This is for the **average** American/Canadian. If you make more than the average person, the growth of your taxes (And therefore the growth in the amount of taxes going towards your contribution to the national healthcare system) would increase faster in Canada than in the US as your wage went up. You would also be more likely to have a job offering insurance as you become "higher class" in the US.

So yes, if you don't have insurance, or can't find insurance with less than $300/month premium, and you have an average salary (Roughly $49,000 USD in the US, $41,000 USD in Canada), you'll be better off in Canada. As you make more and more in Canada, the cost of your healthcare becomes increasingly more expensive, while service levels remain the same.

This isn't to say the US system is better, and Canadians by and large support the system we have, I'm just saying there are plenty of people who would individually financially benefit from an American healthcare system. As a healthy, fit person with a decent job, this includes myself.Annual payment of $4800 in taxes going towards healthcare would probably be reached by anyone earning over 90k in Canada. That's 5% out of the 30.5 - 41.12% marginal tax rate you'd pay on $90,000 (depends on the province you live in).

That's how much a university graduate would be making in a decent field after 5-10 years, which would encompass a sizable number of people, upper middle class yes, but there are plenty of people who would fit into this category that would benefit financially from an American system. 

Canadians also need to have insurance, because not everything is free, contrary to what you may here. Ambulances aren't entirely free, dental isn't free, optometry isn't free, prescriptions aren't free, anything that is seen as an elective surgery isn't free (Which is more than you may think). They can be just as expensive as in the US actually.

Regardless, my previous post about this guys $40,000 bill not being a typical amount paid every year is completely true. If this guy only had a medical issue that required him to pay $40,000 every 9 years, but didn't pay insurance premiums at all, he'd actually be better off than you who would have spent $43,200 in the same 9 year period.

It's just disingenuous to cite giant medical bills from uninsured people and say that it's a sign the system is more expensive when I personally have never had any sort of medical procedure in the almost 3 decades I've lived and 100% would have saved money under an American system up to now and for the foreseeable future, barring bizarre medical mishaps as I am a healthy, fit individual.

This isn't to say that I prefer the American system, but rather that there are people who aren't *uber rich* that would benefit from the system.People need to take responsibility for their own decisions. Kenney didn't tell anyone to not stab themselves with a kitchen knife, that doesn't mean he's responsible when morons stab themselves with their own knife.

Mask mandates have been in effect in major population centers in Alberta for months and months, back when cases were super low, and they've been in effect as cases continue to ramp up. It's not mask usage that is the issue. It's people doing private gatherings. There was strong recommendations to not gather, but people did anyways, knowing it wasn't right. Those people are the reason we are in this position.

I understand we need to cater to the lowest common denominator, but I can't help but feel that even if we outright banned social gathering 2 months ago we'd be in almost the same position. The people who were socially gathering before were irresponsible people who would have simply broken the law then and continue to break the law now.Your being downvoted, but it is true. If you can change the way someones brain is wired to change their sexual orientation (pedophilia is an abnormality in sexual orientation, just like homosexuality is, one is just culturally acceptable) then what is stopping people from saying that we can "fix" homosexuals.

Current morality is against pedophilia, but morality changes over time, 50 years ago if this technology existed we would be in support of changing homosexuals brains. I think that messing with people's sexual orientation isn't necessarily a good thing. Maybe if they opt in to doing so, but I think that anyone should be allowed to.

This sort of thing doesn't have any current in-effect analogy because we are talking about changing a fundamental part of what makes someone who they are. Hormone therapy may be the closest, but that is a physical change similar to surgery to match a mental state that pre-existed.There are considerable mask mandates in many countries across the globe now, and there are still increasing cases in most countries. It's not as simple as "Just wear a mask and it's fine". People need to stop socially gathering too. 

There's hundreds of articles about mask usage, everyone knows that wearing a mask reduces the spread, and most people in major population centers comply in public.How is it possible that a different president could have prevented the overwhelming majority of the cases? If the US avoided 130,000 to 210,000 deaths, they'd be among the best managed country in the world per capita. That is simply completely unrealistic.

The way the states are set up gives considerable power to the state governments. They had the power and the responsibility to enact their own measures (lockdowns, mask mandates, purchasing of PPE, etc). The federal government can't (and in my opinion shouldn't. We all remember the Patriot Act) force nor enforce these types of rules.

I don't understand why Trump is getting blame for deaths in New York. Trump can blabber all he wanted about masks being stupid, that it was a hoax, etc. New Yorkers didn't care. New Yorkers didn't vote for Trump, New Yorkers hated Trump, they weren't looking to him for guidance, and him saying to not wear a mask or that it's fake didn't have any influence on the population of New York or the politicians in New York.

The New York politicians made up their own decisions for how Covid should be handled. They could have forced people into lockdowns earlier, they could have enforced masks earlier. They had complete control over it, and blaming it on Trump because he didn't tell them to do something they could do themselves, or because he sat in D.C. and harped on about it being bullshit, even though everyone else knew it wasn't makes no difference.

New York politicians had **MORE** power over New York's response to Covid than Trump did. New Yorker **DID NOT** listen to Trumps rhetoric. New Yorkers looked towards their **OWN** politicians for guidance. And those politicians failed and then they turned around and blamed Trump.

Look at Canada: Alberta, Manitoba, and Saskatchewan are provincially conservative governments, and they are currently doing the worst in Canada on a per capita level. Are people saying that the poor responses in these regions are a failure of Trudeau, a Liberal? No. They're blaming the conservative provincial governments. How is this possible? How can people pick and choose whether to blame the federal or state/provincial government? Does it depend on whether the blame falls on the people you support? *Hmmmmmm...*For anyone reading this, what /u/BevansDesign is saying is that doesn't agree with bipartisan professional doctors and scientists because they said something he doesn't like. Sound familiar?

Deborah Birx is a Physician who served as the United States Global AIDS Coordinator under Barack Obama and Donald Trump. She was also the Coronavirus Response Coordinator for the White House Coronavirus Task Force.

I doubt you could find a more reliable source of information for what level of damage the US was going to see from a less partisan individual. But /u/BevansDesign is anti-science I guess.Actually true. Province to province spread is insignificant. It's people going out and meeting friends. "I only interact with 5 friends, so it's safe", yes, but each of your 5 friends interacts with 5 friends, only some of which overlap with you...

People look for anyone to blame, even politicians, when the reality is that it's people doing stupid shit that are the problem. Politicians can make it a law to not speed, look how well that works. Even a ban on social gatherings will play so little impact because the people who were doing it before will continue even though its banned now.

People are too stupid to protect themselves. People 20-30 are the biggest issue.As someone who traveled back and forth from (Northern) Manitoba for work from Alberta routinely this year, there was a 14 day quarantine period at the beginning of the year in Northern Manitoba (I'm not sure about the rest of the province) and there was a 14 day quarantine period later in the year, before Manitoba or Albertas number became significant. I don't think you can blame other provinces for your own numbers, community spread has and always was the biggest issue, no matter where you are from.Why does anyone who points out that making fun of people's appearance is offensive all of a sudden a Trump supporter? Because apparently you need to be a Trump supporter to think making fun of Melanias face is childish and offensive?

Reddit loves to make fun of the Trump families appearance, but also got mad when people made fun of Michelle for being a larger/muscular woman. How is this not hypocritical?

People should think that both are awful, offensive, and lame, not turn around and say that what they're doing is fine because some people did it to their favorite politicians. Attack politicians on their policies and actions, not because you think they're fat or ugly or make a dumb face in pictures, it's not relevant.Couldn't agree more. The FLOTUS/FHOTUS did not sign up or apply for that position, it's not even a real position, it's a title. If someone wants to do something, good on them, but they should not be expected to. If they do something and half ass it to the point where it's a failure, it shouldn't even really matter, because there should be no obligation in the first place. (I suppose you could argue a failed attempt wastes tax payer money, but there's already so many things that waste taxpayer money it's basically meaningless in the grand scheme of things)You may want to read up on what you're talking about, because this was first passed under the [CASE Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CASE_Act).

And here is the [roll call](https://clerk.house.gov/Votes/2019578). You'll notice that 225 Democrats (All of them) voted Yea. 5 Republicans and 1 Independent voted Nay.

This had bipartisan support, regardless of whether it was tacked onto another bill or not.

[Here's an article about it.](https://www.theverge.com/2019/10/22/20927545/copyright-bill-house-congress-hakeem-jeffries-case-act-dmca)

Maybe get your head out of your parties ass and you'll see the truth. You can prefer the Democrats, but don't act like they're angels, they clearly aren't.

I don't really blame you for being brainwashed, you're an /r/politics member, you almost certainly didn't hear anything about the beloved Democrats doing something objectively bad for society.So 20% is based off of one trip you made where 1 person out of the 5 people there weren't wearing masks, plus a place where people eat food?

You can't base your experience off of 1 trip. Do you go to the grocery store? I don't think I have EVER seen someone not wearing a mask in the grocery store I go to (Also in Edmonton). Restaurants are different because people take masks off to eat. I don't think that it is good to allow this, but it is what it is.B-b-but, the Republicans! They voted for it! They're evil and my party is amazing! BoTh SiDeS?

Yes. Both sides. Both sides are corrupt. Your favorite horse does not care about you. They pander to your interests, but they are corrupt, they care more about businesses than you. They only care about you as much as you vote for them to have control.

The political divide is a sham, real people from both sides of the aisle are blinded by hatred for each other and the parties hide behind that hatred to do whatever the fuck they want.No one is going to reply to this because they

1) Don't believe you even though it's 100% true. 410-6

2) Don't want to admit it, or even say anything possibly negative about the Democratic Party, because their golden child can do no wrong.

To anyone reading this thread: **This is not a poison pill. The Democrats already voted for this and approved it. Both parties support this. These are the people who you think are looking out for your interests**>The first example is a lot closer to the type of opinion people have when they cry 'but muh opinion

I'd disagree. Most people, despite what the media suggests, aren't arguing over things that are as categorically indefensible as "All dogs are male".

I don't think using the words "Right" and "Wrong" is a good idea. I prefer the term "Valid" and "Invalid". A valid argument is an argument that is not based in a factual inaccuracy, and that logically follows from initiation to conclusion. "All dogs are male" is invalid because it is factually incorrect, all dogs are not male. Arguments with the same conclusion can be both valid and invalid, depending on the reasoning for the conclusion. If a process is logical and does not contain factual inaccuracies, it is a valid argument, morality aside.

Because it's clear what arguments you are likely referring to, let's lay them out:

**I don't need to wear a mask:** 

If someone holds this opinion because they don't believe Covid exists, then their opinion is *invalid* because it centers around a factual inaccuracy. Covid does exist, so their reasoning for holding the opinion does not logically follow.

But this opinion actually usually centers around whether they think the threat of Covid is overrated. Most people who are opposed to lockdowns and masks are not against it because they don't think Covid *exists*, they are opposed to the actions because they think it's not as big of a threat as the "side effects" (namely personal enjoyment, personal job loss, economic hardship). Even a counter argument that the deaths of people will outweigh the side effects is completely subjective. You can't quantify personal enjoyment or personal job loss against deaths of people, each person would have a different break even point.

That makes this a *valid* opinion to hold. One can easily think that the deaths of several hundred thousand people is less important than being able to not wear a mask, go to movies, socialize with friends, keep employed and not fall into debt, etc. Many would argue it's a morally selfish opinion to hold, but it is still *valid*, in that there is no factual inaccuracy centered around the opinion.

**Global warming is propaganda:**

There are certainly people who think that anthropogenic climate change isn't a thing, likely considerably more people than think Covid doesn't exist. This opinion is *invalid* because it centers around something that is factually inaccurate. Anthropogenic climate change is a thing, humans have a measurable impact on global emissions, which impacts climates.

However, one can *validly* hold the opinion that climate change is "propaganda", in that the effects will not have as devastating of an impact as people claim. It is factually accurate that there are some places on earth that will become more hospitable following climate change, and many places less hospitable. If someone proposed a means of preventing the mass amount of climate refugees (Likely the method would simply be not allowing them in), then the impact would likely be minor to the opinion holder who likely lives somewhere with means of surviving the brunt of the problems associated with climate change. Again, not necessarily the most morally just opinion to hold.

**And for the classic pro-life/pro-choice:**

There is no factual basis about this controversial topic at all. In fact, from a factual perspective, pro-life is more valid. A fetus, upon the time of conception has the ability to become a sentient human being, and in the eyes of a pro-lifer, deserves the right to live. Pro-choice people make the more difficult moral decision that a woman can decide to kill that potential life (Before an arbitrarily set date with no scientific basis, according to local law). There is no factual basis in which a pro-choice argument is defended, it is purely morality. Pro-life is actually factually supported.

Morality is subjective. If our world, laws, and what is acceptable was based purely on facts, we would live a very different life. Personal feelings, ethics, morality would play very little into our decision making processes, and most laws would seem very unfair to many people except lawmakers who would be forced to run through every facet of a law and weigh the impact of a change. I'd say that it's a much better approach to allow those who share different opinions from our own to speak their mind and consider their ideas. There is almost always a logical process in which they came to that conclusion, and understanding that process will help you better understand them, and you may learn something about your own beliefs in the process.Yeah, except that he didn't preorder it 9 years ago. The earliest you could preorder appears to be 2 years ago, meaning he'd have $57.49 even if he was able to achieve 7% annual return compounded monthly.

So if you were going to buy the game no matter what, and it was going to cost $60 on release day, the game would need to come out 2 years and 8 months after your initial $50 investment for it to cost more in the long run ($60.22).

It's still not a good idea to pre-order games, but if he was for sure going to buy it, then his effective cost is actually less (Although miniscule) buying it for $50 2 years ago.I agree. Your $500 pc may not be as good of a gaming machine straight out of the box spec for spec, but there are plenty of pc exclusive games, plus, you know... Using it as a computer... 

People will spend $1000 on a laptop and $500 on a console, when they could have spent $500 on a laptop and $1000 on a desktop and had a laptop that does anything they realistically need to do on a laptop and a desktop that will crush a console + anything they want more power for.I was a regular on politics before I made this account, active contributor, then something I know don't remember made me get fed up about it and when I made my new account I didn't sub. I didn't go on there for probably 2 or 3 years and checked back and was shocked at how different and biased it seemed to be. I don't know if that's because it had gotten worse since I left or if I was just blind to it before. I have a feeling that it did get worse as Reddit grew and the echo chamber grew with it. This is supported by the politicization of other non-political subreddits over the past 3 years, including /r/science...Not really. No real person is completely politically polarized, political opinions are on a spectrum, or at least, they would be outside of media induced polarization. The early days are more realistic of how real people are, there is a sizable amount of people within the middle that apparently aren't represented anymore.

The early days show people who call themselves Republican/Democrat being on a spectrum from left/right to middle, with many people who call themselves different things meeting in the middle, this is similar to how real life is as well, although becoming less common as polarization works its way into society. 

This is also the reason why bills don't get passed anymore. [Justin Amash talked about this on Andrew Yangs podcast](https://youtu.be/g5aRvUu2daM). Both parties used to work together and come to compromises, but now they just don't give a fuck and intentionally sabotage any propositions with poison pill legislation, then cry afoul when the legislation they intentionally pushed to be denied gets denied. And before people roll in and say "You can't compromise with Nazis", recognize that this shit has been happening for DECADES and that the majority of the Republican party are just simply not Nazis. 

The most recent case was with covid relief, but there are plenty of stories from the other direction. The Democrats wanted $2.2 trillion, the Republicans countered with $1.8 trillion and revisions, the Democrats said no, $2.2. So it just didn't pass at all and we get $0... How the fuck is $0 better than $1.8 trillion? What American citizen wouldnt work to come to an agreement and instead just throw up their hands when they don't get exactly what they want? These people are elected representatives that are supposed to care, but they clearly don't give a fuck. If they did, they would come to a compromise or accept the 85% of what they wanted. But that would have given Trump a win before the election and the Democrats would have never accepted that. They literally benefited by **not** getting relief out because they could claim that Republicans sabotaged the efforts and everyone on their side seems to have just accepted this as truth because they blamed the "enemy". Funny how in real life if you refuse to compromise you're stubborn and hard to work with, but if you refuse to compromise to help 300 million people get 85% of what they really need, you're standing up for your beliefs. If I was offered $1.8 trillion or $0 to help Americans, I know which one I'd choose.Have you tried being an adult and saying that you don't want to make it political and that you just want to spend time with your family?

I highly doubt that your family enjoys you arguing with them about their beliefs, and clearly you don't like it, so why not just tell them "We'll both be happier if we don't bring it up."

They can then think to themselves in their head that Covid is a hoax, and you can think about how the Republicans destroyed the economy or whatever it is you want, and just not speak it, and then you'll both be happier because you didn't need to argue about it.

Also, your example is literally baiting out a political argument, if you don't want to get into a political argument, don't bait it out... You don't need to talk about weather while leading it towards climate change. It's not at all surprising to me that "everything is political" to you when you drive the conversation to make it political.Have you tried being an adult and saying that you don't want to make it political and that you just want to spend time with your family? 

I highly doubt that your family enjoys you arguing with them about their beliefs, and clearly you don't like it, so why not just tell them "We'll both be happier if we don't bring it up."

They can then think to themselves in their head that Covid is a hoax, and you can think about how the Republicans destroyed the economy or whatever it is you want, and just not speak it, and then you'll both be happier because you didn't need to argue about it.I think that's reasonable. I think what isn't reasonable is saying that you're going to just throw away your relationship with your dad because he is a right-winger, or worse, get into a screaming match with him every time you see him.

If you aren't open to talking politics for any reason, you can simply say "Hey, we aren't going to talk about this, you know we disagree, and we aren't here to talk about this". Redditors don't seem to understand that this is what normal functional people can do.Normal functional people can have perfectly fine relationships with people who disagree with them, even on major issues.

People on Reddit are the annoying, socially inept people who go "well ackshually" about everything.

People above were saying that ordering lunch is political because farm subsidies and the parties that support them and the influence it has on national politics... Could you imagine going out to order food with one of these people and they yell at you when you get cheese because dairy farm subsidies and the influence dairy farmers have on national politics are ruining America? You'd very quickly no longer associate with that person.

When people say "everything is political", they are the kind of people who want to make everything political because they enjoy being smug and acting like they are smarter than you or just want to "own you". If I had to have a family gathering with these kinds of people I'd leave early too. I love discussing politics, especially with people who disagree with me, but that shit is just being psychotic.

Hell, even the people saying that they're gay, so their life is entirely political don't really get it. You are more than a gay person. You are not that special, and realistically, most decisions you make have nothing to do with you being gay at all. Most peoples decisions and actions have nothing to do with politics at all. Not to mention you also probably live in a city where 95% or more of the people could care less if you're gay.

You can sit around and talk about a tv show, or sports, or video games with someone who disagrees with you politically and it's totally fine, you won't explode. Being courteous to people you disagree with is not the end of the world. You don't need to change their mind, and they shouldn't try to change yours, letting go of the politics for an hour won't make the world explode.Exactly. How many people on Reddit especially literally had a meltdown when Trump was elected in 2016? He literally hadn't even done anything yet and they were crying about moving to Canada, that America was going to be destroyed, etc. But realistically, they would have complained no matter who it was if a Republican won.

Ultimately, most of the truly stupendously awful things Trump tried to do failed miserably because of the checks and balances in the system. People saying that the US is going to be damaged for the next 50 years are literally insane... 

If Covid didn't happen, he'd just be treated as a joke and a wholly unsuccessful president. People would still be upset about the supreme court, but that's politics, it was unlucky for the Democrats (But really, RBG should have stepped down during Obama's presidency if it was something she cared about).>Instead, in Australia, politicians are chosen from organisations I'd characterise as full of douchebags, like Young Liberals or the Student Representative Councils at universities. It's all people who just aim for politics as a career for their own egos and brownnose their entire life.

Don't kid yourself, every politician in the Democratic and Republican party are the same "douchebag" kids you knew. They all ran for class president, they were all in the social political clubs in college, they all brownnosed.

>There is no room for Bernie Sanders or the Squad's insurgent campaigns in Australia, the UK, or Canada

Yeah, except they can literally form their own party. Bernie and the Squad would just be NDP politicians if they were Canadian, they would fit right in.> it's important to understand that the corporate donors don't want H1B visa reform

Ted Cruz actually [supports stricter H1B Visa reforms](https://www.computerworld.com/article/3014365/sen-ted-cruz-wants-minimum-h-1b-wage-of-110-000.html) that would get rid of this problem. Minimum H1B visa salary of $110k, which basically restricts it only to high skill labor positions. Positions that may not be readily available to fill with Americans.

I think this approach makes sense. This will curtail people using low skilled H1B visa workers, underpaying them, cutting out the market from Americans. The H1B program is supposed to be used to allow companies to hire foreign workers when they can't find local workers, not to hire foreign workers to save money.There are actually about 3 people who post the overwhelming majority of the political content (I'm talking 90%+) on /r/facepalm: /u/xbhaskarx, /u/crupnick, and /u/Pessimist2020. These three people are power users who post only about political content and almost exclusively just post tweets. These are incredibly low effort posts that can be spammed and as long as it fits the circlejerk, will be upvoted. 

I actually think they may be doing it as employment, because they literally seem to post continuously in several hour long blocks, but there isn't proof of this. I've called them out on new posts here on /r/facepalm as they come in and I've never received a reply, I doubt they have notifications enabled. 

These 3 people single handedly ruined the subreddit via their political agenda. And now it's too late because content begets content. Unless the mods make a rule about it, which they clearly won't or they would have already, it's forever fucked.

The top mods don't care about the subreddit at all. 5loon and namsilat are pretty inactive based on their post history, T_Dumbsford is a mod of 993 subs, tara1 is a mod of 1534 subs... But the real reason there's no rule against this content is likely because of specific mods that are fairly high up the list who regularly interact with content that is completely political on non-political subreddits. I'm not going to say who they are for obvious reasons...>The only people who stand to lose by socialising healthcare are those making a profit from it.

Not really.

If you earn anything above average salary in any of these countries, you are paying more for "less" services.

It's more complicated than that because as you said, the government saves money by grouping costs, but there is a hypothetical break-even point where your tax rate would make healthcare more expensive than you get out, on average. To explain, taking it to the extreme, a billionaire in Canada would obviously be paying more for their healthcare than they will ever possibly get out of it.

Of course, "free" healthcare is sort of like gambling, if you treat it from a solely individualistic perspective. You pay in, maybe you don't use more than you pay for, maybe you do."People don't understand politics enough, so here's my totally unbiased opinion on what conservative policies are that misrepresent the reason for a policy in the most negative possible light you can while ignoring their stated reason for it." FTFY

Case in point: Kenney has stated that masks oppose people freedoms. This is categorically true. That doesn't mean it's not a necessary measure to prevent spread, public health takes priority. Kenney has enforced mask mandates in the areas where the threat is highest. He is doing the right thing here, why grill him aside from just blind hate? This is like all the morons who hated the NDP blindly without even following what is happening.

The conservatives reduce tax burden on all levels of income. You pay 10% provincial tax on anything below $131,220. Compare that to other provinces and you'll see that we pay less than everyone else at almost every income level. You can think that we should pay more taxes and fund more things, but that's not your argument. Your argument is that the conservatives are funneling money from the people into businesses. You'd think if that's was their goal they'd have higher taxes on people. 

The truth is that conservatives believe in strong businesses, reduced government spending, and lower taxation. Everything they have done and continue to do fits this bill. You can put negative spin on what those imply, but those are traditional conservative ideologies.

This post isn't even in support of the UCP, it's in opposition of this take that misrepresents the **intentions** of the UCP. All the power to you or anyone to dislike UCP policies, there's plenty to dislike, but misrepresenting them is just pandering.

But this is /r/Alberta, what did I expect.Yes. Alberta sent masks to the other provinces months ago because they ordered them well in advance and were not hit hard early. The other provinces are now giving back to Alberta.

But don't use facts and logic here on /r/Alberta, this subreddit is for self-hating Albertan teenagers and people who would rather be living in Toronto so they can join in the Alberta hating.Even if you could, by not actively downvoting content like this you encourage the sub to become more and more political over time, just like the rest of Reddit. People who post this kind of thing want all of reddit to be their little personal political agenda of a beaten to death horse.

I simply downvote every single political related post I see on reddit by default. Without people working against it, it will only get worse.You realize your reasoning for why Reddit is better basically reads as "It's better because I can create and enforce the echo chamber personally, which gives me a sense of satisfaction".

People who talk about "bad faith talking points" always seem to be the kind of person who lists anyone who disagrees with them as being "bad faith". You're literally part of the problem.Perhaps, but it is up to the viewer to read all of the articles and determine what is realistic. Plenty of "reputable" journalists are biased to the point of misinformation through exclusion. By collating multiple sources you can find a common thread of facts that likely represents the truth of the situation. This process relies on the reader being able to judge for themselves what seems realistic and what seems unrealistic and biased information. A viewer who intentionally seeks out sources from multiple sides is more likely to be the kind of person with an open mind and more able to do this than a hyper-partisan individual. 

The better question is how does the bot know that an article is on the same content? Key words? It would seem to me like a lot of situations it wouldn't be able to find articles from the left, right, center, etc because it's not sophisticated enough, but I suppose it's better than nothing!Don't forgot Slate pushing hundreds of articles with literally no content other than a headline titled "Goodbye <Insert Republican Name Here>" for every single Republican that was no longer in office following the election. The entire front page of politics was filled with those posts. Slate probably made over 100k for 4 minutes of work because of pandering to the children who literally just want to "Own the Nazis" (ironic considering they blame the Republicans for being petty continuously).This completely. Controversial issues like abortion lie firmly in this category. 

Or more topical: Covid restrictions. People can fully recognize that restrictions save lives, but still think that the damage to the economy is worse. You can't argue against this because they simply don't agree with your values and changing morality is essentially impossible.

Even global warming can fall under this (Although in an abstract way that I doubt is very common). You can recognize that global warming is caused by humans, will cause sea level rises, will impact some places on earth and still not care. Some places in the world will undoubtedly benefit from global warming. Should people who live there be upset about global warming? The biggest fear of theirs is people trying to flee to their country I suppose.

A lot of the largest issues that cause the largest divides are not due to facts, but values.I looked into the math as there appears to be some errors or confusion going on here:

Alberta has 6640 cases in the last 7 days, and 4,371,000 pop. That's **151.9 cases/100k** **IN TOTAL** OVER THE PAST 7 DAYS.

North Dakota has 9414 cases in the last 7 days, and 762,062 pop. That's **1235.3 cases/100k** **IN TOTAL** OVER THE PAST 7 DAYS.

The CDC is reporting 176.9 "rate", but the way they define rate if you look at the bottom of the page:

>The 7-day moving average of new cases (current day + 6 preceding days / 7) was calculated to smooth expected variations in daily counts.

So the CDC's numbers all actually need to be *7 to get a fair comparison. This would put Alberta at 21.7 "rate".

If you [compare Canadian provinces to US states](https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/covid-19-in-the-u-s-how-do-canada-s-provinces-rank-against-american-states-1.5051033) you'll see as a whole we are doing exceedingly well.

[This is a handy page](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus-data-explorer?zoomToSelection=true&time=2020-03-01..latest&country=IND~USA~GBR~CAN~DEU~FRA&region=World&casesMetric=true&interval=smoothed&perCapita=true&smoothing=7&pickerMetric=total_cases&pickerSort=desc) to compare countries on a per capita rate.You don't give the child who is bad with money more money to spend badly.

If a state has room to work with the money they have and accomplish everything they want with that money, but only if they start actually being responsible with the money, then it is more appropriate to tell them to work on their efficiency than just take more money from the people and burn it in the bureaucratic fire.

Throwing money at a problem, especially when that money comes from people's hard work is not appropriate when the gains are wasted due to a bottlenecked process. You fix the bottleneck first. 

This is the same concept behind cutting excess bureaucratic administration staff to reduce public spending on useless things, rather than just increasing the tax rate to pay for the useful things.

I don't disagree with you that progressive tax rates make sense, but if they do have liability problems, then it makes the process less straightforward and provides an opportunity for improvement that isn't very common in government.>I don't compare supporters of Bernie AOC and the squad to Trump supporters because they're nothing alike. Bernie and co are fighting to try to improve people's healthcare, wages, education. Trump and his supporters chant "send them back" "bengahzi" "election fraud" while constantly using his power to bash those that oppose him. 

We aren't talking about whether you like one and don't like the other, it's fairly well established that you're a left-wing supporter. We are talking about whether people are fanatical about their support of politicians from the left and right. You can be fanatical about "good things" as much as you can be fanatical about "bad things" (And btw, that's just your opinion, they would say that you're fanatical about socialism and are a communist, things they view as "bad", but again, not the point).

>The shit is entirely different, one believes anything a conman says while he spreads lies and bashes his opponents

And they would say that your politicians are conmen and spread lies and bash their opponents and that you believe in fairytales that are unrealistic. All of these sentiments you're stating in this post are literally just your opinions and could equally be supported by your opponents. "Conman" could be applied to any politician who doesn't live up to a campaign promise, which guess what? is all of them...

Don't take this argument as me saying that the Republicans are all great people and Democrats are evil, it's just that you need to recognize that the opposite isn't true. If you think you align 100% with a politician, you need to rethink whether you actually support those things, or if you're forming your beliefs to the party/politician. The latter is a stupid thing to do. Look into Republican policies. You won't agree with all of them, or most of them, but there may be some things that you actually agree with. Have an open mind (Which honestly, I don't think you do, based on your response which is hyper partisan), be open to having your opinion on topics be changed. It's the only way to improve yourself.>You can't think of a "notable" example because you were not looking and dont really care.

Why are you quoting this? I didn't say this.

>Those videos are highly edited snapshots of otherwise complex situations. Notice they all seem to start after the shouting began...

Again, the context before this is meaningless. You don't punch someone in the back of the head or push and elderly person over. Did these people kill someone? Or did they swear at someone? I guarantee it's closer to the latter.

>You put a sociopathic fascist into the most powerful position on Earth. People die because of that. Your vote is a bullet that kills people. You are not innocent.

I didn't vote for Trump. I literally am not able to, but ok. Also, I don't think that a Clinton presidency would have made such a major impact... Many of the early deaths were in Democrat states, where public health officials didn't care what Trump said about masks and took matters into their own hands (And didn't succeed very well, at that). The Republican states would have not wanted to wear masks regardless, maybe even less so if Clinton told them they should.

So if Trump had essentially no impact on the Blue states, and the results in the Red states would have been the same... Then nothing much would have changed... You seem to forget that State governments run the healthcare system in the states, not the Federal government... Trump can't be blamed for New York getting fucked, blame the New York government.

>Now condemn the bombing of ISIS.

Yes, I'm sure the old man surrounded by protesters is on the same level as ISIS... You're unhinged dude. Go see a psychiatrist.

>Is it though? I know what these people are like, I have experience with them. You don't. It's hilarious to me when right wingers talk about super scary dangerous socialists when the reality is they're mostly queer kids who listen to bad folk punk with a smattering of aging hippies.

Did you not see the same videos everyone else did? Are those people not left-wing protesters beating up Trump supporters? I'm sure all your friends are great people, that doesn't mean that the people in those videos aren't also left-wingers who beat up Trump supporters. You can't pretend they don't exist when there is literally video evidence showing they do.This comment chain is sad.

Yes, there are undoubtedly videos of Trump supporters being jackasses that anyone could pull up right now. That does not make the actions portrayed in the videos you linked ok. Violently attacking people because they said mean words or are wearing a Trump shirt is not acceptable. Period. We as a society should be better than that.

/u/oiyouwut is saying they're taken out of context, but no level of context would make the actions in these videos acceptable. Unless the people in these videos assaulted people, but even then I wouldn't support these actions against other people. I'm glad to see that at least one person in the bike video helped pick up his bike, but it seemed like other people literally kicked him while he was down. These actions are reprehensible and anyone who doesn't see that is dangerously radicalized.

Additionally, his claim that he's been around far-left activists is irrelevant. Would that be an acceptable response to someone linking videos of the Charlottesville? Absolutely not. Anecdotal evidence is meaningless when placed against video evidence.The point is that jokes like this point out that this sentiment is clearly not very common. How many advertisements did you see in the month leading up to the election with some actor or actress telling you to vote for Biden? Literally hundreds.

I didn't see a single non-partisan advertisement telling people to educate themselves and just vote based on what they think is best. Who fucking cares if a millionaire actor is telling you who they want you to vote for? It's none of their business and them telling me who to vote for, if I wasn't educated, would make me want to not vote with them, since I have literally nothing in common with a millionaire actor... 

Getting people to educate themselves and make their own decision without harassing them for their conclusion should be the goal... But that's clearly not what we strive for in society, we strive for making as many people vote for the person **we** want. 

People bash the right all the time for only voting Republican because they always have, not realizing the same shit happens in their party... Republicans and Democrat voters are just people, a lot of them don't really know anything about party policies aside from a 2 second boiled down version told to them by the media with an agenda to push.

I talked to a friend before the election who said he was going to look through his ballot and do some research on the politicians and see who to vote for. I asked him if he was going to look at the Republicans on the ballots policies and he literally said "Why would I bother?"... If you won't even look at their policies to see if you agree with any of them, and just assume you don't agree with every Republican, that's indoctrination.Who is "they"? You're acting as though every Democrat is super aware of the policies of the parties and how they'll impact their lives? Bullshit. 

Most peoples political beliefs are formed by their peers, parents, neighbors, media. Most people don't know shit about the political process, what parties are actually doing vs. what they say they are going to do. The media can convince the average person of literally anything they want. They can nuke a political candidates chance completely by giving them zero coverage, they don't even have to lie or show obvious bias, just not discussing certain news can push their respective agenda just as well if not better. 

There are just as many diehard indoctrinated Democrat voters as there are diehard indoctrinated Republican voters. And if you want to say that Trump supporters treat it more like a "fandom", just look at how Reddit treats Bernie, AOC, and "the squad", same shit, different flavor.Not to argue with you, but...

>every little thing that goes wrong will be projected on biden

Is exactly how Trump's presidency went. And before you say "Well that's because it's true!", think about the irony.

I think at this point saying that it's just hillbillies voting Republican is inaccurate, and also sort of irrelevant. There is a huge division in America, people who identify as Democrats think the Republicans are evil and people who identify as Republicans think the Democrats are evil. Both are equally indoctrinated and pig headed and won't change their voting habits.I doubt it. Many of the posts are clips from Trump supporters at rallies taken literally months ago, or just reposting tweets from Trump years ago. People just want free karma and this sub has become a dumping ground for /r/PoliticalHumour crossposts.

Thanks for spreading your shitty politics all over every subreddit, we all love it and had no idea Trump was so stupid /s.

-Every non-American on RedditThey are called Democrats though? They even call themselves Democrats. How is the party that Democrats reside within not acceptable to be called the "Democrat party"?

I don't even really understand how it would be taken as being offensive. Would someone who votes for the Democratic party be offended if you said the Democrat party (Obviously without sneering or being hostile, etc)?

I genuinely did not realize there was a difference, and have used both Democratic and Democrat interchangeably for decades. Interesting to learn though. Reading that Wikipedia page was a trip, as I've never heard about this before.>70 million is half of 140 million, which is less than half the US population...

That's not how proportionality works... The people who didn't vote would likely have a similar proportionality of voting habits to the people who did vote.

>Because between him being a milquetoast moderate who refused to go hard on Biden's corruption, history of far-right policies, history of plagiarism and lying, and history of rape, voter suppression efforts targeted at every demographic other than psychotic racist retirees, and the clear evidence of election rigging

You think Bernie has a history of far-right policies? And rape? And voter suppression? I have never seen a single thing that supports this.

>weird how when the vote counts could be independently verified Sanders won in a landslide

No he didn't.

>The Overton Window is crank bullshit cooked up/pushed by the same upper middle class think tank consultants whose dipshit strategies have seen the Democratic party steadily lose ground across the board for the past 40 years as its historic bases of support dry up.

The Overton Window is literally just a definition of how what people think is acceptable changes over time. It's not "cooked up", it's simply human nature.>The overwhelming majority of the population is to the left of the Democratic party

The fact that almost half of people in the US voted for Trump proves that this is false. Even if you say that everyone who voted Dem is way further left than the Democratic parties policies suggest.

>Hence why the most popular democrats are a handful of actual moderates like Sanders, AOC, etc

Bernie didn't even win the primaries. He's not even the most popular Democrat, let alone the most popular politician at a national level. Bernie is also not a moderate regardless, he's not extreme-left on a global stage like people pretend, but he's certainly not a moderate. "Extremists" (In US politics) like Bernie very rarely have overwhelming popular support because they are de-facto not in the middle of the countries [Overton Window](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overton_window). Trump was able to win the first election because he was able to motivate a group of people who very strongly supported him that did not previously vote. Bernie may be able to do the same thing with the "extreme"-left, but I have doubts.

>while the far-right ghouls that call themselves "moderates" are despised and only maintain power through corruption and institutional inertia.

If you think even the furthest left people available in US politics are moderates, then everyone is far-right I guess. 

I think that your experience and beliefs do not fully represent the truth of the United States. I'm sure that many people who you associate with believe the same as you, but looking at a national level, your beliefs are simply not representative.There are other considerably smaller political subreddits that actively encourage rational and thoughtful discussion from all sides and discourages downvoting period, they are considerably smaller and niche and that's the only reason they aren't flooded by the hateful and bitter masses.

/r/politics may *allow* anyone to post without mods banning them, but any opinion that isn't left-wing will be downvoted to oblivion, discouraging people from discussion, furthering the echo chamber.

Most threads on /r/politics are literally chock full of left-wing hot takes, exaggerations about the intentions of right-wing politicians, and borderline virtue-signaling. You can effectively minimize the first 3 parent comments to even begin to start getting to meaningful discussion of the article.

In my mind, that is the "radicalization" that is most threatening on reddit now. It's the idea that you are right no matter what, that the "enemy" can be boiled down into a single identifying label of 'evil', and that it's normal to act that way.

I've experienced people who act the way redditors do in /r/politics in real life, and they are radicalized, it's just not the gun toting kind of radical.Most American moderates are just people who believe that both parties talk a lot of shit and don't actually work to help anyone. They think that people who say things like "Only one party is trying to destroy America" as being naive and indoctrinated.

Most moderates are likely some form of Libertarian because they inherently don't think that the government does a good job, regardless of who is in power. Libertarians *tend* to lean center-right, but not all of them.

I self identify as a moderate in Canada, and align fairly well with some of the so-called "policies" of the Democrat party, but also see that they are doing a shit job, and no, it's not all the Republicans fault. I align with almost none of the Republican values, but I don't scream and cry about how they're literally Hitler, and that somehow makes me a Hitler-supporter to redditors.I'm not going to argue about whether they post lies about their opposition, or whether /r/politics posts lies about their opposition, but I will point out that that is not hatred. Saying the Democrats cheated is not really the "hatred" people think of when you claim there is hatred. It's embarrassing and sad and petty, but not hatred.

Saying you hope the opposition dies, celebrating the death of people (*cough* Herman Cain *cough*) is much more hateful, and something that is all to common on /r/politics. I couldn't even count the number of times I've seen top comments that essentially say "Today is a good day for America" on these kinds of posts. /r/conservative very likely also has similar posts, but pretending that /r/politics is so friendly and kind is so clearly wrong.I don't think you're right about this. The difference between a generic and a name brand is often some meaningless polymer chain modified to bypass the trademark.

Additionally, as someone from a family of 3 doctors, we regularly used generic drugs, and it wasn't because we couldnt afford them, it's because they are the same in 95% of all cases. There may be some drugs where this isn't true, but it's not the majority.>HIV tests also aren't fully accurate but we still use them.

[This is false.](http://checkhimout.ca/testing/about-hiv-stis/hiv/types-of-hiv-tests/#:~:text=The%20Rapid%20test%20uses%20a,not%20require%20any%20further%20tests.) Early HIV tests look for the actual virus, meaning if you have it, you have it. Rapid and Standard HIV tests are 90% accurate after 3-4 weeks.

You also can't really compare a Covid test to an HIV test. HIV doesn't leave your body after 2 weeks. An HIV test is still useful even if it takes 3 weeks to be accurate, a Covid test that is inaccurate until you've already spread the virus around to everyone is entirely pointless and actually dangerous.

You don't seem to understand that if a test is only 50% accurate, you might as well just not take the test and assume you have the virus if you have any symptoms at all. This is exactly the same thing as the temperature taking. If you have a fever, you know you have a fever, why even bother? 

Ask yourself this: What is the purpose of the test if it's a coinflip? It's either putting people at risk by saying "Yes, you have a fever, but the test said you're negative, so you're good to go!" or it's causing people who are asymptomatic because they don't have the virus to be forced to lockdown. Neither are good alternatives and are not "better than nothing". You're missing the forest for the trees here.You're not getting at the true reason here. They believe that everyone has the *right* to life. What happens afterwards is up in the air, but being alive in a shitty life is better than being dead to them. 

Which, if you think of a fetus as being a human and an abortion as murder, most people would take a shitty impoverished life over being murdered any day.

I don't agree with the logic, but understanding the other sides beliefs and logic is super important, and most people either don't even make an attempt or intentionally misconstrue their argument.>The difference is that we aren't in a cult.

You might not be, but don't kid yourself, the left has their own group of cult followers.

Plenty of people who voted for Trump aren't Donald cultists either. Almost half of the US voted for him, and there is no way all of them believe the stupidest parts of his rhetoric (Seriously, they don't. Not everyone who voted for him believes in that shit, joking that they do doesn't make it true).No kidding. Funny how statistics aren't used as prejudice or to denigrate groups when it's a left-wing talking point.

The "facts" we seek out and present are not created in a vaccum with no intent. Anyone who thinks the intent of this graph is to just show an "interesting" correlation already thinks Republicans are dumb, but some of them will pretend that's not the intent of this data representation.You realize the Democrats stopped the stimulus package too, right? The Republicans tried to push for a $1.8 trillion bill, the democrats said no, $2.2 trillion or nothing, the Republicans said no, and then the Democrats just said "OK, then nothing".

I don't know about you, but I'd rather have $1.8 trillion than $0... Blame both of the parties for this one... They refuse to work together or compromise because apparently for both of them, "winning" is more important than the people.The fact that everyone is so upset about the Republican politicians supporting Trump is ridiculous. THEIR CONSTITUENTS SUPPORTED TRUMP. A politicians job is to represent their constituents. If their constituents wanted their city to be painted entirely orange, the politicians should try to make that happen.

Yes, people here don't like Trump, but Trump won the last election and the politicians who are supposed to represent the people did their job and worked with Trump. They represented what democracy is about.

Many politicians won't personally support some of the elements of their parties values, but they will push them forward, not just because they want to "tow-the-line", but because the people voted for them knowing the party values, and presumably supporting those party values.

Politicians should always act to represent their constituents values, if that's being a Trump supporter, then they should do that. A politicians personal beliefs are not what democracy is about, they're a representative of the people.Reading his post, it doesn't seem like he made any hints as to what side he even supported.

Many parts suggest that he is neither

>The defenders of Artsakh (the unrecognized republic in occupied territory of Azerbaijan) had no funds to train and equip soldiers. Most of the tanks that you saw blow up on the propaganda clips for example were out of service.

Calling the Artsakh defenders occupiers, calling their successful military clips propaganda. This suggests he may be Azerbaijani.

All the mentions of how Turkey, Israel, Syria, and Azerbaijan teamed up on Armenia suggests that he may be Armenian.

Overall however, his post seems to be more of a factual description of the way the battle was fought. It may be wrong, it's hard to prove a lot of this without devoting a serious amount of time into research.

Your response however suggests that you are Azerbaijani, since you claim that his "wall of propaganda" is because he's butthurt his side lost.>why aren't people banking more on newer industries with more of a future?" Alberta just seems to me like it has so much more to offer than its resources alone

Like what exactly? What would bring someone to Alberta over another province? Alberta doesn't provide anything that other provinces don't provide better, and if you're not providing a service or product for others, you're doomed. The only major industry Alberta has outside of oil is farming. If Alberta has so much to offer, does Saskatchewan as well? They're essentially the same province outside of oil, and clearly Saskatchewan doesn't have much more to offer than farming.

Alberta's future after oil is not bright or hopeful, it's abysmal, it's future is Saskatchewan's present (I don't mean to shit on Sask, but realistically, their economy is farming based and wouldn't be able to support the same amount of people as Alberta's oil industry). There's a reason there's no diversification of the Alberta economy, it's because there's nothing else to diversify to. There is a small tourist industry, and a small tech industry, but the tech industry is propped up by oil money, when that's gone, those companies will move to Vancouver or Toronto where the market is more supportive and the weather is better.

People from a largest cities in the country with huge diverse economies, in economically viable locations (Ports) that are not in resource based regions don't seem to understand why others can't follow in their footsteps. If it's just as easy as "diversify!" why wouldn't everyone do it? Why doesn't Manitoba just become the tech capital of Canada?The fact that this is downvoted speaks volumes. /r/Alberta members seem to really hate the province, maybe they should leave if they think it's so shitty.

This post is simply not even true anyways. There are plenty of people following the rules, wearing masks, not going to social events, etc. We don't have lockdowns in effect, but there's been mask mandates for a long time now anywhere there's been any serious amount of cases. Alberta isn't some wasteland of Covid denial...It's the classic "Everyone in Alberta is *literally* the worst", a very popular opinion on /r/Alberta. Americans do it to themselves as well, when realistically, America is pretty damn good (Not as good as Canada, of course), there's a reason immigration is so high...

Albertans that like to shit on Alberta, especially when living in a fairly progressive city are obnoxious. It paints a poor global image of the province that is overwhelmingly untrue. Tourism is a major income source for Alberta, maybe if you want to get away from oil, don't trash the province and turn people away...

If you come to Alberta and spend time in any of the major cities or even the smaller cities (I can't speak for Fort Mac, no personal experience), you will meet the same kind of people as in any other Canadian city. I'm convinced these people are the kind of people who are extremely left-wing (Not that that's a problem, everyone is free to their opinion), to the point where they are upset by the mere fact that people around them are conservative and hate the province by extension, so shit on it as a whole.

I'll preempt this by saying I support the Alberta Party at a provincial level: Everyone votes in a way that benefits them the most. A lot of Albertans livelihoods are tied to the oil and gas industry, this is especially true in Calgary, where the city does extremely poorly when oil is down (The past years have had tons of vacancies in office buildings). The conservatives in Alberta support the oil and gas industry the most, that is just a fact. And yes, the NDP did a decent job when they controlled the province, the people who shit on them are idiots. My personal opinion is that the other major federal parties do not do a good enough job of showing that they care about Alberta.

And as you said, if someone thinks that Calgary is the same as rural places, they've never seen the anti-abortion and "yee be sinners" billboards along the highway south of Calgary. Calgary is not a "rural city", it's more conservative than Edmonton, and possibly the most conservative major city in Canada, but it's not rural prairie provinces level of conservative. Even voicing that as your opinion calls into question the rest of your post.Yup. The Trump subreddit was apparently being spammed by literally thousands of people making posts calling Trump a giant loser. It's kind of sad that people are so childish. Yes, Trump supporters were assholes when he won, that doesn't make it right or morally good to go and do the same shit back. It's also not how you get people to move on and bridge the divide in this country. You don't have to love them, but at the very least don't harass them for losing...

This whole thing is the epitome of the "toLeRanT LeFt" meme. There are a lot of really toxic people on both sides of the aisle, and a lot of them are on Reddit clearly."all the candidates seem to be right-wing for us". 

**Let's say it is true**

Then the average person in the Netherlands is right wing. Because as I said, political parties target groups where there is a gap. The Netherlands is not a 2 party system, so there is unlikely to not be a party that is targeting all reasonably large groups along the political spectrum.

This means that OP is likely further left than the average person in the country.

**If it's not true**, then OP just thinks all the parties are right-wing, which means he's likely further left than the average person in the country.

Regardless of the situation, OP is further left than the average person in the country.

Edit:

Also: [Looking at their political parties...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_political_parties_in_the_Netherlands)

Democrats 66, GreenLeft, Socialist Party, Labour Party, 50PLUS, DENK are all center, center left, or left.

They may be less popular than the other parties, but sure seems like a lot of options to me...Yes... But that has nothing to do with where the average person lies.

Peoples political ideas are on a bell curve. The average person in the US is right of center, so the parties target right (Republican) and "left", which is centrist (Democrat). There are not enough people that are truly left in the US for there to be a target audience for a party.

If there really was a gap, as /u/juuls09 claims, where no party represents the left in the Netherlands, and there is a sizable portion that fits on the left, a party could pop up and take that entire group.

More likely is that OP is further left than the average person in their country, so no party targets them because they are too far away on the bell curve.Yes it does. Statistics is math. If only 50% of the population is being targeted (ie, the right-wing half), then the other 50% have no representative and can be captured by a new party.

Also: [Looking at their political parties...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_political_parties_in_the_Netherlands)

Democrats 66, GreenLeft, Socialist Party, Labour Party, 50PLUS, DENK are all center, center left, or left.

They may be less popular than the other parties, but sure seems like a lot of options to me...Dude, I'm not even American. But nice prejudice against an entire state! Nothing I even said is politically biased, it's just factual.

If every party is right-wing to you, then the average person in your country is right-wing to you. **A system where every party is targeting the right-wing people makes no sense from a mathematical perspective.** There would be a giant vacuum of potential left-wing voters that a new party could target and garner massive support. They would get all left-wing voters + some of the middle, while the remaining right-wing parties fight over the other 50% of the board, splitting their votes.

If there is really no left-wing party, anyone who makes one is guaranteed to win because they've targeted 50% of the population that doesn't have a party to represent them.

Under OPs assumption, the furthest left-but-still-right-party (According to OP) is able to pull in enough support from left-wing voters, which would seem far less likely than OP just thinking anyone who is further right from them is right-wing.I don't need to know about Dutch politics, I just need to understand how voting works... If all the parties are right wing, then there is a giant gap where a left wing party could be created and garner all this support that you claim is missing a voice.

Again, if you think every party is right-wing, then the average person (You know, the people that the government needs to appease to have them vote for them...) is right-wing.

If there is no left-wing party, go make one, and get half of the countries support while the right-wing parties fight over the remaining 50%. Congratulations, you won!If all the candidates seem right-wing, you may be much further left wing than the average person in your country.

Edit: For all the morons downvoting me, [look at the political parties in The Netherlands](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_political_parties_in_the_Netherlands):

Democrats 66, GreenLeft, Socialist Party, Labour Party, 50PLUS, DENK are all center, center left, or left (And this is by international standards, not US standards)

They may be less popular than the other parties, but sure seems like a lot of options to me. Far from "All being right-wing".[From Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Popular_Vote_Interstate_Compact#Suggested_partisan_advantage)

>A statistical analysis by FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver of all presidential elections from 1864 to 2016 found that the Electoral College has not consistently favored one major party or the other, and that any advantage in the Electoral College does not tend to last long, noting that "there's almost no correlation between which party has the Electoral College advantage in one election and which has it four years later." Although in all four elections since 1876 in which the winner lost the popular vote, the Republican became president, Silver's analysis shows that such splits are about equally likely to favor either major party. A popular vote-Electoral College split favoring the Democrat John Kerry nearly occurred in 2004.

But yes, there is no benefit to the (entirely blue state) compact to follow the popular vote when it doesn't directly benefit blue states (Which in my opinion is the only reason they want this). Major blue states want the election to follow popular vote because if the election was decided by popular vote, they would win every time. This is the entire reason the electoral college was created in the first place, to temper the ability for several major population centers to decide the fate of the entire country forever.Why would any state that has more representation per person than the average join this? They'd be throwing away their power. There's also a reason why California and New York don't get to simply decide all levels of government every election. The electoral college was designed specifically for this purpose.

You'll also notice that the states that have [signed onto the system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Popular_Vote_Interstate_Compact#Motivation) are all guaranteed Democrat states. The reason for this should be obvious.

Edit: I like how many recent people came to this subreddit because of the election and don't understand the etiquette of the sub and that the downvote button isn't a "You said something that I disagree with" button like /r/politics. Please leave if you don't like to not circlejerk your own opinion.They wouldn't hold their promise. At least not under the current system, every state in the compact are blue states. The intent is to make other states that would normally be red vote blue, not vice-versa.

The Democrats support this system because the popular vote benefits them. If the election was based on popular vote, they would never lose and California and New York would simply decide the government every election.Exactly. Most of the time they set out to create representative district regions, but it's not easy and there's plenty of case studies and research into accidental gerrymandering (Just type "Accidental Gerrymandering" into Google and you'll see lots of papers). The only way to have no "gerrymandering" (Gerrymandering is defined as intended) is straight popular vote.This is the realest answer to these questions. Hard to predict. But most people will give a biased answer as though they are clairvoyant. Just because you like someone more doesn't mean that things can't go sideways.

>I would guess more like 150 000. Hard to predict, and it still depends on the states. And not pulling the CDC team out of china could have saved the whole world a lot of trouble.

The highest impacted areas by case count were in Democrat states/cities. Those states weren't looking to Trump for guidance or leadership, they looked to their local health officials. State healthcare systems decide what regulations are put in place for their people, not the federal government. State healthcare systems educate their own populace, provide medical services, PPE, etc. to their populace. The federal government has almost no impact on state healthcare. Democrat states would have been almost identical in case counts, Republican states would have been almost identical, because they would have hated wearing masks no matter who was in power. Maybe doubley so if a Democrat president was telling them they had to. The Covid crisis in the US wasn't caused by Trump, it was caused by Americans and state health departments.

>Is that America as deeply divided as this one is?

America was deeply divided before trump, deeply divided during Trump, and will be after Trump. Biden will not bridge a gap between the Democrats and the Republicans. Clinton would have not attempted to appeal to Republican supporters, she called them deplorable people, they wouldn't forget that.

>Is it more than a hundred days deep into the George Floyd protests, or was that dealt with more tactfully?

I'd say no, at least not the same large extent. The George Floyd protest is as much an Anti-Trump protest as it is a protest about police. Most of the social movements right now are "Movement + Anti-Trump". Police brutality would still be a thing under a president Clinton, just like it was under Obama. The process is far too slow to see meaningful change in one presidency, but that's not something that politicians will say and it's not something protestors want to hear.

>Is she currently fighting tooth and nail to maintain her power, throwing lawsuits at anyone and anything that might tip things in her favor, the same way that Trump is?

Definitely not I would say. As much as Clinton delaying her concession speech long past it was clear she lost was "childish" I suppose, she is not one to think like Trump.You're right. The issue is that services have a base amount of overhead costs. These costs are reduced in major cities when the service can be made more efficient by spreading that overhead over more people.

This results in rural places have more expensive, but lower quality services. This is why many rural voters would even rather have less services if it meant less taxes. They don't feel like the value they gain from their taxes they do pay (less than is actually even required to operate the service) is providing good value.

I fully understand this sentiment, despite living in a large city my entire life. Many people do not and simply quote things like "NY pays more in taxes than it gains in services and Kentucky pays less in taxes than it gains in services", not understanding that that doesn't actually mean that Kentucky is recieving better service than NYC.

I think ultimately the days of rural cities/towns is numbered. There are too many flaws with them, they're inefficient, their voices and desires are not really cared about outside of blowing smoke up their asses during elections, and the quality of life in them is vastly inferior to city living. I wouldn't even say they are an important part of America, many of them are non-viable as they were built around an industry that no longer exists in the region. I don't think America as a whole treats them as important either.And yet, Kentucky residents don't see much actual benefit to their tax dollars because most of it goes into things like highways and overheard costs for service. Go somewhere in rural Kentucky and call an ambulance, let me know how long it take for them to get to you. That ambulance cost more per person than it would in New York, but is 10x worse in quality to the end user. An ambulance in a rural area will see less people, drive further, and have more downtime. This makes it more expensive to operate, but it doesn't mean that it's a better service, it's invariably a worse service.

Who cares if something is more expensive when it's quality that actually matters to voters. Now, fixing that issue requires even more investment in the already more expensive places, something Republicans are unlikely to do, but statements like "Kentucky is mooching off NY" is why people from Kentucky hate liberals who live in major cities. They quote things like how rural states get more tax dollars per capita, but ignore the reasoning behind it and don't understand the actual outcome.The Democrats refused to accept a **$1.8 trillion dollar** relief bill because they demanded $2.2 trillion. How about you jack asses just take your licks, accept the bill, and actually help people? That's the difference between $6.70 vs. $5.49/American... What did they expect? That the Republicans would bend the knee and agree to their terms? The Republicans were acting "better" than anyone would have expected, but the Democrats refused to give Trump any kind of win before the election, so they refused to accept a bill that would help people.

It's all a political game. Now the Democrats will push their $2.2 trillion bill, the Republicans will shut it down, and the Democrats will throw their hands in the air saying they tried everything. And Reddit will be up in arms in agreement. The Democrats knew exactly what was going to happen. The only people who lose by the Democrats not accepting the $1.8 trillion bill is the people. There was never going to be a chance for $2.2, and you can 100% be upset at the Republicans for being stingy, but you can sure as fuck be mad at the Democrats for turning down the only chance for any new relief. 

Ask yourself this: Would you rather have $1.8 trillion or $0? If you were in Pelosi's position and the Republicans said, "We'll give you $1.8, not $2.2", would you say no? Of course not, because 82% of what you want is still a win for the people who need help now. Any real American would understand that was the best deal they were going to get from the Republicans and accept it, but the Democrats turned it down because turning it down and not helping people helped their party, and probably helped their party win the election.

[Justin Amash was right](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5aRvUu2daM), it's all political theatre, neither party gives a fuck about the people. The Democrats did this intentionally to look better in the eyes of the people who can't see through it or don't know the background. If the Democrats cared, they'd have accepted the best deal they knew they were going to be able to get.

And the Republicans will do the exact same shit now. They'll push bills with poison policies in them, the Democrats will shut them down, and then they can turn to their base and cry afoul. The established parties are corrupt and self serving.Most of the people who vote UCP do so because the Conservatives are the only party that supports the oil and gas industry and the West. Most people on Reddit don't like the oil and gas industry, would rather see it die, and so would see no reason to vote UCP. If a party existed that supported the West and wasn't so socially conservative, they would be successful as well, just like the older Conservative party.

Also, many Democrat voters in the US don't like Biden, they are voting for him because they are Democrats and they would never vote for a Republican. It's no different. People vote for who they hate the least, no politician will fit your ideals 100%.

The social conservativism of the UCP is a plague that turns away many late 20 - late 30 year olds who work in or adjacent to the oil and gas industry. But the alternative is worse for them so they are forced to vote for the social conservatives. This is why Calgary is a UCP stronghold, not because they are really socially conservative.

Don't conflate not having any other options to being supportive. There is no party for social liberals and fiscal conservatives. Or even simply social liberals and oil and gas industry supporters.

Rural Albertans (actually rural places period) are certainly socially conservative, but they are not the voting block in Alberta. Lethbridge, Calgary, and Edmonton are, and they are not strictly socially conservative.>Don't call other people liars, then make up statements they did not say to prove it, you colossal weenie.

You live in Edmonton, don't like that people vote Conservative in Alberta, so you act as though you've met tons of Albertans who love Trump, which is basically impossible. [32% of Albertans support Trump](https://external.fyxd1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQAUX6PopOpXhDeF&w=960&h=960&url=https%3A%2F%2Fqc125.com%2Fproj%2F2020-10-01-reg03.png&_nc_cb=1&_nc_hash=AQAtBcs2ikzXI9_w), but 32% of Edmontonian's do not. If you lived in Fort Mac or if you're 70 years old, I could maybe see it.

People in Alberta vote UCP because they're the only party that supports the industry that supports the province... It's not a big surprise... And no, Alberta can't "just transition out of oil and gas", we don't have any other draw to the province. There isn't any reason to be in Alberta if there isn't oil and gas. When it's gone, Alberta will become like the coal ghost towns in the mid-west. Anyone who thinks otherwise is delusional. Why would you live in Alberta when there is no industry?

I'm not in the oil and gas industry (But every job is tied back to it through money), and I don't vote conservative (I vote independent), but people make the choice that is best for them, and for most Albertans, that is very obviously Conservatives, because, BIG SHOCK, people like having jobs.The "Get out and vote" campaign is so transparently a "Get out and vote for Biden" campaign. As a non-American (who benefits most from Biden winning, and would almost certainly vote for Biden or JoJo if I was American), it's pretty obvious. 

Do other people not recognize this, or do they just pretend that it's not politically motivated and essentially a way of being preachy while pretending it's not preachy?

Like, I've never seen a "Get out and vote" message that isn't immediately followed by them telling you that Biden is who they want you to vote for, or in this case, literally a poster of the political party, clearly showing this was created for the party.

/u/Hopeann's post is clear proof, he's doing exactly what the video says, he's voting for the person he wants to win, but he's bombed with downvotes. It shows that this campaign isn't just about voting, it's about "Vote for the guy *I want*". I just find it cringy... Don't tell other people who to vote for, it's a completely personal opinion. Tell them to educate themselves on what is best for themselves, and don't tell them or hint to them who you want them to vote for, it's not hard...Obviously. This dude is the classic Albertan who hates that Alberta is conservative, so he just shits on the province every time he can and tells people that Alberta is some sort of kkk haven. He probably doesn't even live in Alberta anymore but still likes to talk shit.

Edit: He's from Edmonton, the most liberal city in Alberta, the city that voted NDP (far left wing) in the previous provincial election. He's just lying about the "countless" Trump supporters he knows.As an Albertan, no... If the majority of people this dude meets like Trump, he either lives somewhere incredibly rural and religious or he's lying. I'm going to go with option B. 

Why people from Alberta like to perpetuate the myth that everyone here is some redneck kkk member astounds me. I think that people who live here who don't like that Alberta is more conservative than the rest of Canada just decide that they want to bad-mouth the province, even though the majority of people are just normal people who work in oil and gas and vote UCP because they support the oil and gas industry...

That being said, based on a statistic I saw from 2016, 30% of Albertans supported Trump, compared to a Canadian average of 15% or so. I can't imagine that number being higher with the way Trump has treated Canada the past 4 years.No no, how much people are paid is completely arbitrary. All people making less than 60k a year are paid too little, anyone doing a "good service" is paid too little. Anyone working in the oil and gas sector is paid too much, and CEOs are paid too much.

Haven't you been paying attention to the Reddit comments? Also, every Redditor is underpaid because they are the best worker at their company and everyone else is useless.

Clearly $17.60-21.02/hr is a wage that lots of people think is fair, because they take that job over working literally anywhere else for $15/hr. People seem to mistake "I wouldn't want to do that job" with a job being difficult, low supply, or worth a high salary. Likewise, people also mistake a job that's very important, such as a grocery store worker (or so-called "essential services") as meaning they should be paid a hefty salary. Essential just means that we need someone to do it, it doesn't mean that your skillset is in low supply. If you left, you'd be replaced that afternoon. 

Peoples salary is dependent on how hard you are to replace and how much money you create, it's not arbitrary, it's actually pretty intuitive and if you understand it, you can guess peoples salaries pretty easily.>Yeah I don't click YouTube links because I don't get my news from YouTube dude.

... It's an interview with Andrew Yang and Justin Amash, the only now independent (Libertarian) congressman, he outlines why there is deadlock in government, and spoiler, it's not just the *evil Republicans*. I can't say I'm surprised that someone so pig headed refuses to even look at anything that may challenge their pig headed beliefs. I bet you'd watch whatever opinion piece trash is posted on /r/politics, but because you assume that I'm "The enemy" you refuse to even click a link and learn something.

>The two parties are not the same only one of them has gone all in on absolute destruction of this government.

It's astounding that you honestly think that the Republicans goal is to destroy the government. What purpose would they have to destroy the government? You can disagree with their policy decisions, you can even say you think they are awful, and I would likely agree with you on most points, but applying this intent to their actions is just frankly moronic.

[Hanlon's Razor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon%27s_razor#:~:text=Hanlon's%20razor%20is%20a%20principle,unlikely%20explanations%20for%20human%20behavior.), except I wouldn't even say it's stupidity, they just honestly think what they are doing is best. Do you honestly think half of people in the US who go into politics go through their poli sci degree or law degree and then say to themselves "You know what? I want to destroy the government". Absolutely ridiculous premise.

You can't just quote Reddit /r/politics talking points and go with it without actually using critical thinking abilities. You just nailed all the Reddit stereotypes of a politically (mis)informed person, along with refusing to look at anything that might challenge your preconceived ideas. Congratulations at not attempting to grow as an individual.I replied to your points here. I think you aren't being entirely reasonable here:

>98,000 small businesses perminantly closed.

The Dems would have locked down businesses harder. If they didn't lock them down harder, the impact of the virus would have been worse, you can't win on both fronts, it's one or the other. The only other option would be giving businesses money, which the Republicans also did. Big businesses would have ended up somehow making billions in the exchange, just like they did with the Republicans. Remember how everyone complained about massive businesses making billions during the financial crisis? That was during Obamas era, in case you forgot. The Dems look out for big businesses just as much as the Republicans, don't kid yourself. Especially with someone like Hillary, and especially even more with someone like Biden.

>225,000 deaths.

It's impossible to say how many people would have died if the Dems were in power. But what we can say is this: The healthcare system in the US is run by the state government. New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, California, Illinois, Texas, and Florida are the hardest hit states. Most of those are largely Democratic states. Why are we not holding our state representatives responsible for their poor response? Is it entirely Trumps fault for the failure of the medical system in these states? Running out of medical supplies when you had months to prepare (And yes, there was that one case of a small shipment of supplies being taken by the federal government, but these states were already in deep water long before that happened)? 

Trump encouraged the people who supported him to not wear masks, but the majority of people in these states are not Trump supporters, Trump is not someone these people looked to for guidance. If Trump said to wear a mask, it wouldn't have made a lick of difference to the mind of a New Yorker who hates him to begin with. People in these states looked to their local representatives for guidance, legislation, rules, and those people failed them. Trump is an easy scapegoat, and no one wants to point fingers harder than the people who (in my opinion) are actually more responsible for the failure.

Don't get me wrong. It's clear that Republican dominated states are also failing to control it. Their numbers are beginning to climb, they were only really lucky before now due to lower population density, and government officials in Republican states appear to not care as much about scientifically supported ways of preventing the spread, some going as far as to actively oppose it. But none of this mean that we should ignore the failures of the Democrat representatives in Democrat states that clearly failed themselves. If it was Republican states that got hit hard like New York, do you think we would be acting the same way?

>8,000,000 new people in poverty. 8,740,000 cases of COVID. 20,000,000 facing eviction by Jan 2021. 31,000,000 unemployed Americans.

These are all basically the same issue, so I'll lump them together... Again, regardless of who was in power, we weren't going to come out of this unscathed. Every single country in the world is doing pretty badly economically right now, even the countries that are not hit as hard are suffering economically. The only other option would be massive amounts of ubi payments, but with no one working due to forced business shutdowns (Which we presumably agree would have been more extensive under a Democrat government), we would have  an even bigger problem in the near future than we already are going to have. Maybe to you that is an acceptable alternative, and I'm not going to argue against you, you're free to that opinion. 

My take is that no matter what, it would have turned out extremely poorly. You can't win in both fronts, you either take an economic hit to reduce your social hit, or you take an economic hit to reduce your social hit. There's a spectrum to this, and where you lie on the spectrum of what should have been done is completely your own opinion and completely subjective.

Additionally, even if the Democrats were in power, they wouldn't have been able to enforce rules across the country (And if they could, it would set a bad precedent in my opinion). Clinton winning in 2016 wouldn't have erased the people who support Trump. It wouldn't have made these people any less resistant to wearing masks. It wouldn't have impacted the states that refuse to follow any measures at reducing the spread currently. These rules have to be followed by the people because the people want to follow them. If you don't have support of the people, you can't enforce these rules, and there are enough people in the country that wouldn't have supported these rules that it wouldn't have mattered if Dems were in power this election.

This brings me back to the first point: The states that are Democrat. Why did they not crack down? They have the power to go into massive lockdowns, shut down all businesses, prevent people from moving around. New York could have saved thousands of lives if they acted sooner.

>1 new Supreme Court Justice with only 3 years of experience as a Federal Judge.

As others have pointed out, there is very recent precedent under Democrat governments for appointing SCOTUS judges with less experience. No need to say anything further.I agree, most of these clips are "He's aiming away and then flicks onto someone". If you've watching competitive CS:GO, you see this stuff literally all the time, these kind of people just have disgusting flick aim, spray transfers, 1v1 out-aiming, etc. Not to mention when you stream 8 hours a day, there's bound to be a couple crazy clips from each stream.

Vision issues are also often due to stream compression (eg. spotting people through fog or at distance) or contrast differences between the players vision and what's shown on the streamed feed.Dude is a software engineer... He's fine... He'll be middle class and debt free in 10 years (Aside from a mortgage) as long as nothing insane happens, he doesn't have a gambling addiction, or he decides that he'll never pay it off and doesn't even bother trying.

Doubly so if he finds a spouse who is equally employable and equally wants to work towards paying off their joint debt.

As someone who is almost the exact same age as him, in almost an identical situation, why is everyone our age so quick to say they're doomed, throw in the towel, blame society, and just give up? If you tell yourself there's no point, you won't succeed. 

Besides, this guy is probably making like 60k a year, he could throw half of it into his debt and still get by just fine, his life is peaches compared to uneducated, unemployed people at 25. He has literally nothing to complain about.This is such a silly thing to even say...

"I just took on several of the normal expensive things that people who are starting out their careers and adult lives take on, and am in debt, just like everyone from every generation before me. I have an excellent job that pays well that will only become increasingly important in the future, but I don't foresee not being in debt, despite having just begun my life."

This is like saying that you can't see how you'll ever finish college in your first week of classes. Come back in 10 years after actually making an effort to pay off your debt... It's not an impossible task, you aren't hopeless, if you throw in the towel when it's just started, blame society, etc, you're doomed to fail because you won't even try...Aren't both of these misinformation? We don't know whether he thought she was 15 or not. OP is claiming he did, /u/interweb1 is claiming he didn't. Neither claim is backed up by proof.

*However*, we do know that the actress is not 15, so that provides plausible deniability and adds to Rudy's case. Apparently the story is also that she portrayed herself as a disgraced reporter. *If that is true*, then clearly she wasn't pretending to be 15, no reporter is 15 years old.Then do a comparison of what "comparable college-educated workers" are making in rural towns. There will be more rural teachers than there will be rural software engineers or surgical assistants. This tips the scale of teachers towards rural wages, and rural living is cheaper. You can make 20% less and still have a "better" life because cost of living is 25% less.

You need a like-for-like comparison.

Rural teachers vs. Other rural professionals, many of which simply don't even exist.

Urban teachers vs. Other urban professionals

If 75% of all teachers jobs are rural, then their salary will be weighted heavily towards rural salary. Having a lower salary in rural places is fine.

If 10% of all engineering jobs are rural, then their salary will be weighted heavily towards urban salaries. Having a higher salary in urban places doesn't mean you are better off."I don't like the reason you have for not liking her, so I'm going to say it's bullshit"

Get over yourself.

Peoples reason for not liking her could simply be that they don't agree with her politics. Is that bullshit to you as well? I imagine you're the kind of person who is always right and anyone who disagrees with you is arguing in bad faith, doesn't know what they're talking about, or is a troll?

I don't really care whether hot-takes are what the kids want. It's trash to me and I'm entitled to my opinion. In case you didn't realize, most people don't like the debate format. Maybe Reddit loves it because it's full of "gotcha" lines they can quote in memes to show their political affiliation.

And yes, zingers have been a thing for decades, Winston Churchill is famous for some of them, and I also think it's lame that reddit loves to quote them from him as well. They're childish, which explains why reddit loves them so much.She asked pointed questions that were essentially "When you're in your evil lair with all your other evil friends, what do you talk about?", and then when he went to talk she said nevermind and didn't even want to hear his response. It's literally pandering to the "Yeah, he's so evil, I'm glad she pointed out how evil he is" crowd.

Again, listening to her is like reading /r/politics...I was born in the mid 90s and grew up in a very white community, went through the Catholic school system from elementary through high school (Not religious though). We had multiple years of learning about first nations, all the battles and fights the settlers had with them, Louis Riel and the rebellion, how the settlers took advantage of the natives (and provided hard to come by supplies and weapons) in exchange for pelts, smallpox, the shitty deals they gave the natives for land (although the alternative was being conquered and wiped out...), as well as the existence and issues of residential schools.

Honestly, I would have liked to have learned about some history outside of Canada. We had a single unit on ancient Greece in junior high, a bit about ww1 and ww2, but other than that, it was mostly Canadian history and some unit on "globalization" which I don't remember what it entailed... 

The fact that we didn't learn about Israel and Palestine, the issues caused by western and Russian meddling in the Middle East, Finland fighting with the Nazis in ww2, China and Tibet, American meddling in South America, or even just the Vietnam War, is really dumb. Those are topics that are extremely important events that show that fucking with other people is wrong, but also that conflicts are super complicated and there isn't always a clear "x is the good guy, y is the bad guy" and that there are conflicts and consequences that trace back thousands of years.

Anyone from my generation who didn't know about residential schools or what happened in them is either lying or wasn't paying attention.

Not that I think kids should be forced to read the Bible or that we shouldn't cover residential schools, but the idea that we don't talk about them enough is simply not founded.The real reason there's "trolls" whenever AOC is mentioned is because Reddit is obsessed with her. She's an attractive, female, left-winger, who basically mirrors Sanders platform, and who speaks in hot-takes, literally a Redditors wet dream. Anyone who doesn't support her political beliefs or doesn't like her for any reason will be labeled as trolls.

I swing more left than right, but I don't like her because of her "hot-take" approach to politics, watching her is like reading /r/politics. Watching her question Zuckerberg was cringy as hell.The interesting thing is that people tend to be against modern wars, but that would mean that borders and countries are now firmly set in stone. Humans have been having wars and conquering land for tens of thousands of years, why is it suddenly not acceptable? 

I don't like war, and I'd never want to be in one, but I also recognize that I'm a little hypocritical and unrealistic to think that wars aren't acceptable now. These conflicts are history in the making. In 200 years, whoever is the victor will be in the history books and no one will question their control (At least no more than they already do by referencing the back and forth trade of power in this region).Yeah, except it's not like it's some conspiracy by governments, it's people who believe one thing based on their experiences stating their version of the truth. 

Both sides have been fighting, both sides have killed civilians, both sides have a claim to the region. Anyone saying that any of these statements is false is an idiot, but even the people spreading "propaganda" would admit this is true, but their interpretation of who is worse, whose claim is better, etc is different.

It's the exact same thing as Israel and Palestine. I have friends who don't align with me on this topic, and it's not propaganda to give my opinion, it's a different interpretation of events and a different application of values.And if he loses, nothing bad Biden does will receive criticism because he's "our guy", people will constantly spam photos of Biden saying how he's a "real president", and any policy decision or speech he gives will be met with comments about how he's so much better than Trump.

People will still be talking about Trump here in 4 years, no matter what the outcome of the election. The obsession shown by Reddit of him will not disappear overnight. Save this comment for posterity./r/itookapicture, /r/pic, /r/nocontextpics, /r/EarthPorn, /r/no_sob_story (To really drive home the point that /r/pics is trash)

Those are all picture based subs that have consistent and considerably better photos than /r/pics. If you're wondering what people are looking for, it's content like on those subs... It's not that hard to understand what content people don't want:

1. No politics. 

2. No "Here's a picture of some random person standing around doing nothing in particular" with a sob story about how they are now dead or have a developmental disorder. 

3. No "Facebook" content, i.e. progress pictures, pictures of a generic uninteresting wedding, etc.

4. No pictures of text.

5. No clearly photoshopped pictures. These typically fall under number 1 as well, from what I've seen the past few years.

What's a more interesting picture? [This](https://i.redd.it/0sjcmqixmjt51.jpg) or [this](https://i.redd.it/e6s1pgwjiit51.jpg)?

It would be incredibly easy for the moderators to make these rules, but the subreddit is too far gone to be able to enforce these rules, and the blind masses that just browse /r/all will upvote anything they see that they like or agree with, regardless of what sub it is in. 

/r/pics and /r/funny are bad because the majority of Reddit users have awful taste, they are the two largest subs, and so absorb the quality of most Redditors. The top 10 posts on /r/pics as of posting this and what "rules" I laid out above they would be breaking:

1. [Rule 3](https://i.imgur.com/bsLhQ7n.jpg)

2. [Rule 1 and rule 2](https://i.redd.it/2idiqxwpfjt51.jpg)

3. [Rule 1 and rule 2 and rule 4](https://i.redd.it/lpipt44o6jt51.png)

4. [Rule 3](https://i.redd.it/4v2iykstjkt51.jpg)

5. [Rule 3](https://i.redd.it/mcfk30cneit51.jpg)

6. [Hard rule 3](https://i.redd.it/e6s1pgwjiit51.jpg)

7. [Acceptable. No sob story, maybe not super interesting to me, but at least it's a good photo. I can see the merit](https://i.redd.it/tye3sd6w7it51.jpg)

8. [Acceptable, but borderline, the photo is super low quality, pretty sure someone just ripped it and reposted it for the hundredth time which it why the quality has degraded so much](https://i.redd.it/md5w6eedrjt51.jpg)

9. [Acceptable](https://i.redd.it/hqndavqf3it51.jpg)

10. [Acceptable](https://i.redd.it/g22bye9rllt51.jpg)

For good measure, here's a throwback to when /r/pics was entirely political signs people made: 13. [Rule 1 and 3 and 4](https://i.imgur.com/Awp3Sf4.jpg) Wasn't that just such great content for the two weeks that /r/pics was entirely dedicated to it?

Literally more than 60% of the content is *objectively* and quantifiably bad on /r/pics and from my 6 years of experience, the bad content is typically at the top of the pile. There's a reason why you say people are constantly posting about how bad /r/pics is... It's because /r/pics is garbage and basically always has been...The reason right-wing memes are funnier is because dark and non-pc humor is inherently funnier. The best comedians exist on the boundaries of what is acceptable and what isn't.

Because the left-wing is too afraid to make fun of or trigger someone their memes suck.

Frankly, most political memes aren't funny either way, but left wing memes are far worse.Considering the past election... There's a very slight majority of people in the US who are Democrats... Also, even if they only made up 10%, that doesn't make it right to just ban any subreddit that doesn't fit with the majority opinion because enough people on the site cried about people who disagree with them existing on the platform. 

The fact that /r/Conservative is allowed to exist still frankly astounds me.I'm not a Russian bot, and I have years and years of post history to back that up if you really care, and I fully understand the "Orange man bad" thing.

People are annoyed with American politics literally being streamed into their brains 24/7 while online. 99% of people here don't like Trump, spamming shit about him constantly serves no purpose other than to constantly remind you of his existence and trigger you. The election is soon, and those 99% of people are going to vote against him, no matter whether there are 20 posts about how stupid he is on the front page or not. It's just circlejerking.

And the "I'm not a fan of Trump, but..." is because when you say literally anything that isn't directly negative of Trump, regardless of whether it's not even supportive, just pointing something out, you will be downvoted by morons who think "If you're not constantly shitting on Trump, even when it's not justified, you must want to suck his dick".

In fact, both of these are used for the exact same reason, Reddit is obsessed with hating Trump and don't enjoy anything if it's not a constant reminder of his existence and how awful he is.

What is going to happen when he loses in November? Redditors will lose their entire identity."The left have never and will never do any harm and are the best". The Dems are better for America, that doesn't mean they are actually any good.

This sub has become a left-wing circlejerk literally overnight. If you start flagging people with RES, you can see that it's literally like 4 or 5 people mainly spamming this shit, and I'm pretty confident that it's astroturfing.Do you really need an extension to tell you what reviews seem fake? As you said, it's pretty easy to see what reviews are either fake or biased. Anyone who is overly positive or overly critical probably has an ulterior motive, because frankly no product is "LITERALLY THE WORST THING EVER" or "THE BEST CUTTING BOARD I'VE EVER HAD". Most products have some small flaws, but overall do their job. Reviews pointing this out are typically real, and if they aren't, an extension won't be able to figure it out from ML.1. That's a no-true-Scotsman fallacy. "The agitators are all cops in disguise or white supremacists starting riots or people who aren't real Antifa!" is a common excuse used, and it's not a very good one. There were plenty of posts on reddit justifying the violence by saying that they tried being peaceful and nothing happened so they turned to violence. Go ahead and watch some all-gas-no-brakes videos from the rioters. There is also a huge overlap of Antifa ideology and anarcho-communist ideology, many of them want to destroy the capitalist society. 

Also, recent rioting aside, there's plenty of clips of people who self identify as Antifa going to protests with bats, chains, etc. Seems to me that when you go to a protest hoping to fight someone, you're an asshole. The white supremacists they are going up against bring weapons too, and they are also assholes. Neither side looks very good from an outside perspective.People who argue about this are either fully aware that there is a difference between "Antifa" and anti-fascism and use it as a coy way of showing how much support they have and justifying their shit actions, or are actually so blinded by their bias they don't recognize that the majority of people don't support the anarchist agenda people who identify as "Antifa" have.People who self identify as Antifa (Read: Not just anyone against fascism) are anarchists. Most if not all of them are extreme left wingers, many of them support communist ideologies.

Most people who are against fascism (Not all people against fascism fit into the Antifa framework of ideology) are not anarchists and are not extreme left wingers. Most are just middle of the road to left wing people.I can't speak for everyone, but I don't think that just having sex with a random person would help. The issue stems from a sense of undesirability, it destroys your self esteem. Paying someone to have sex with you doesn't exactly seem like it would really result in the desired outcome. You would still feel like you are undesirable, that the only way you can have sex is by paying someone. Personally, it's not the sex, it's the lack of intimacy and love that hits hardest. Friendships are not the same as relationships, and sex isn't the same as love.

It may fix part of the problem, but cause others in itself.

That being said, sex work should be legalized regardless.The biggest proof of this is all the dumb stories they made up about how the found him jerking off to porn, how he had tons of porn on his computer, how he groveled for his life, etc. From a non-American perspective, that was all clearly bullshit they made up to make him seem like a huge loser. He was most likely asleep, they busted in, he tried to run and they killed his whole family. But the truth isn't as "justice served" as the lie.>Me personally, I take each case of police brutality on a case by case basis... I always wait until the facts come out first so I can have reasoning for my sway.

I think that every person, whether they are a cop or not, white, black, Hispanic, Asian, etc could do with a lot more of this. 

People jump to conclusions so fast that they don't even know the story. Something happens and within 10 minutes they're calling for the cops to be fired, that they won't be fired, that they'll be given promotions, etc. 

How about we wait a little bit for the facts to come out, analyze the case from a reasonable perspective, and then come to our conclusions?I can answer that for you: Yes

He won't admit that though, because it shows how stupid he is. Someone first hand experience as a black cop at these protests doesn't matter because it doesn't fit with the narrative that OP wants to put forward.

This black cop is clearly an Uncle Tom, or he's being paid by the police to make a statement like this, or he's under threat of being fired, or, or, or...

Conservatives are so wrong all the time that every single thing they say is 100% wrong and personal experience can never line up with those talking points, because that would mean that conservatives aren't always lying, which would collapse OPs little brain.>I think most people that hate this man want to see him pull through

You and I have had a different interpretation of Reddit the past 2 days. The hypocrisy expressed in this meme is perfectly mirrored by the hypocrisy of everyone here on Reddit saying they hope he dies while saying they care abut justice or are good people. Anyone who hopes someone dies is an asshole and a bad person. Even the worst criminals deserve a trial.The US was in a particularly bad position due to the decentralization of it's healthcare system (States run their own healthcare systems, and states support this... until they're held responsible for their failure) and population density. The US also has a baked in level of Freedom that can't be constitutionally revoked. Most citizens would say this is good most of the time, but it can bite you in the ass.

The countries that did the best are countries that could impose extremely strict and authoritative rules on its citizens. China did this in Wuhan when the virus first broke out, they were literally welding the doors shut to peoples houses so they couldn't leave. This would not be possible in the US, and if it was made to be possible, given the current president, I think people would be strongly opposed to it, despite the good it could have caused.

Your comparison is also not necessarily fair, as there are countless countries with low enough populations and densities that locking down the countries borders essentially meant that their case counts didn't increase, even if they locked down borders after the countries that were harder hit like the US and the UK. The US is an international hub, there was bound to be more likelihood of people from international countries bringing it in and creating hotspots. Compare that to say, South Africa, and you're just not as likely to have as many potential vectors bringing it in to the country. It's the new vectors that create a problem because by the time you notice it, it's already out of control.

So essentially, yes, the US has 4% (Not 5%) of the population and 20% of the deaths, but the issue is larger than just the federal government and their response. It's an issue of how America functions as a country, and how America functions within the world economically and socially.

Also, some interesting graphs here:

[Cumulative confirmed deaths per million](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus-data-explorer?zoomToSelection=true&country=GBR~USA~ESP~ITA~BRA~IND~MEX~FRA~BEL~SWE~IRL~NLD~CAN~CHE&region=World&deathsMetric=true&interval=total&hideControls=true&perCapita=true&smoothing=0&pickerMetric=total_deaths_per_million&pickerSort=desc): I tried to include countries that I felt were interesting. 

* European countries mostly lie in the middle and are pretty similar to each other. This isn't too surprising as their responses were all fairly similar, at similar times, and all of them are fairly similar when it comes to international traveling and business. There are notable exceptions to this, resulting from different policies being implemented.
* Asian countries are considerably lower, for obvious reasons (past experience with other pandemics). 
* African countries are almost all essentially 0 cases. This is for the above mentioned reason. There's very little international travel to Africa and shutting down the borders, even if done very late, would mean new cases drop off the map entirely. If there was an explosion of cases in Africa early, it would have decimated some of these regions as their healthcare systems are abysmal.

Countries which are still increasing and haven't leveled off include Spain (a true second wave), Brazil, US, Mexico, France (second wave). You can also begin to see the inkling of a second wave in the UK and The Netherlands. Given how Covid functions and the newfound desire to no longer follow "annoying" restrictions, I expect countries showing a second wave to be hit pretty hard.

[Daily new confirmed deaths per million](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus-data-explorer?zoomToSelection=true&time=2020-03-01..latest&country=MEX~IND~USA~ITA~BRA~GBR~FRA~ESP~BEL~SWE~NLD~IRL~CAN~CHE&region=World&deathsMetric=true&interval=smoothed&perCapita=true&smoothing=7&pickerMetric=total_deaths&pickerSort=desc): Nothing really new here not discussed above, but this does show that the US is decreasing in new cases at least. This plot gives you a better sense of the rate of change in new cases that can be difficult to see in the cumulative plot.

Big edit: 

Another thing, and something that we won't ever really be able to prove for some countries, is the different ideologies in reporting deaths from Covid. Each country has different criteria. The only true way to show the true impact each countries measures had will be AFTER Covid is completely dealt with and comparing historical averages for deaths per capita to deaths per capita during 2020/2021. Some countries this will simply not be possible as their record keeping is poor. For example: The slums in India's cities or the Favelas in Brazil. Deaths in these places may not be accurately reported, and deaths that do occur may not be accurately reported as being Covid related. That being said, I don't think it's fair to compare western countries to slums in third world countries when it comes to Covid response.

This raises another point: Perhaps it's better to compare the percentage of deaths in the US to the population in North America and Europe. This feels like more of an Apples to Apples comparison.

The US has 328,200,000 / (579,000,000 + 741,400,000) = 24.9 % of the population

The US has 208,716 / (224,312 + 310,159) = 39.1 % of the deaths

This is a 1.5711x overrepresentation of deaths (0.391 / 0.249)

This does show that the US is doing worse than the average for western countries, however, the UK is doing **very** similar to the US in this regard:

5.0% of the population, 7.9% of the deaths, 1.5667 overrepresentation.

If I had a data dump, I could do this kind of analysis on all countries, but that seems like a lot of work for very little gain (aside from sweet sweet karma on /r/dataisbeautiful)

It's interesting doing these kinds of mathematical evaluations, but as I said before, we won't really be able to do this until all the data comes in.Also, this needs to be normalized by the number of representatives from each party.

Regardless, anyone acting like it's only Republicans is being intentionally disingenuous. Politicians travel around, meet up with other lawmakers, etc. They have a much riskier job than most people. That being said, it wouldn't surprise me if some Republicans were less safe than Democrats. I also don't think all of them think it's not a big deal. There are plenty of right-wing seniors who are taking it seriously because they see the statistics.> The President of the United States has virtually unlimited resources and he is the last person on earth that should contract this virus.

Strongly disagree here. Politicians job is to meet people. Lots of politicians around the world have gotten Covid. I'm far safer with my desk job I can do from home than Trump, despite him having unlimited resources.If they used Biden saying "Just shut up man" on their logo, would that mean that Biden endorsed them?

Trump never endorsed the Proud Boys. He has explicitly denounced white supremacy, as evidence from the clip /u/TwoTriplets linked. Trump does not have control over who the Proud Boys support politically. Trump could explicitly tell the Proud Boys that they are criminals and they would still vote Republican, as they have right-wing values (clearly). Trump has explicitly denounced the KKK and stated they are bad people, and I guarantee KKK members still vote Republican because they sure as hell won't vote Democrat.

This is not a "Gotcha". It's them taking advantage of outrage and "trolling".I support the idea of Antifa and I think most people would say they are anti-fascist. But I do not support the way people who self identify as Antifa enforce that ideology. From what I've seen, people who identify as Antifa seem to think violence is the way to counter fascism, they are typically militant and anarchists. They treat this whole thing like an actual war, like World War 3. I don't think that it's the right approach, and I won't support any ideology that supports violence, no matter what their underlying principles are or how much I agree with it. So if someone asks me, I would say that I'm anti-fascist, but I am not Antifa.

You are misrepresenting the issue people have with Antifa, and I think you are doing so intentionally, as I refuse to believe that people seriously can't understand the issue here.[He has in the past denounced white supremacists](https://streamable.com/sr9o2s). It is twisting facts. Trump is an asshole for numerous reasons, you don't need to pretend that he has never said he doesn't support White Supremacy.

There are several instances in those clips where he explicitly states he "Disavows" KKK, Neo Nazis, White Supremacy.

And yes, this is linked from the_Donald, but it is not inaccurate.Reddit only critically analyses links when it states an opinion or fact they don't like. They dig into it to disprove it in any way or discredit the information. In most cases anything that presents information that goes against Reddit's core beliefs won't even see the light of day and so there is no need to pick it apart.

I couldn't count the number of times the top 10 parent comments are meaningless "Is anyone surprised by this?" or "We all knew these guys were scumbags trying to destroy the earth", etc. and you scroll down and see a comment that picks it apart and exposes it as being extremely cherry picked or an outright lie. These are usually upvoted because the truth does get upvoted, but you have to actually search for it now. Things like that used to be top comments, no matter what the truth was or how it fit into Reddit's belief system. Now only truths that Reddit likes are top comments, the rest of them are just "hilarious" one liners or meaningless angry comments expressing frustration without adding anything to the actual discussion.

I mean, look at this thread.

Top comment:

>Does anyone else miss the days where conservatives actually disapproved of Russian attacks on the integrity of our elections?

Most conservatives don't love Russia, contrary to what strawmen Reddit wants to build. Being deceived is not a sign of support. Reddit sure loves to ignore the fact that Russia also made left-wing websites that were posted on social media as well. It's a hot-take statement that could be flipped around and be just as "true" and just as stupid.

Second top comment:

>So, at first glance it appears to be just like every other Trumpist fake news website, but upon closer inspection it is in fact just like every other Trumpist fake news site.

Again, a "witty" comment that adds nothing other than stating the OP's opinion that he doesn't like Right-wing news. This adds nothing to the discussion around this post aside from other people saying to themselves "Yeah, Right-wing news sites suck" and upvoting. 

You need to get to the third comment for any actual discussion to arise out of it, and really, the OP just quoted stuff out of the article because he knew no one would actually even open and read the article... Which in itself is shameful...

You see the same shit in any post about China. The top comments are just some variant of "Fuck China", "I don't have an issue with Chinese people, but fuck the CCP", "Does China recognize they are literally evil incarnate". You could literally make a bot that just posts some variant of this sentiment, generated using something like GPT2 and I don't think anyone would ever notice. These comments add literally nothing to the discussion and the resulting replies are just fancy versions of "This" posts.

Discussion around anything remotely political is completely dead on Reddit. You need people that are actually calm, reasonable, and rational people, who are open to discussion with those they disagree with. And those people just don't exist on Reddit anymore. Only angry, think with your feelings-not with your head people exist here now. And no, I'm not saying that left-wing people are irrational. From my personal experience, it's more likely the opposite. But on the internet, everyone is irrational when it comes to politics, both the left and the right.Source on Canada becoming tropical? The amount of change required for that to take place would have been proceeded by an insane amount of other changes around the world to the point where millions to billions of people would have died out, potentially reducing the green house emissions enough to halt further warming.

Also, some people in western societies will be able to survive the worst of climate change, it's the poorest countries, Africa, South East Asia, Caribbean, etc that will be hit hardest. That's why people in the places it matters to care don't care as much as they might.31% of people are not taking some action. That only says 31% are "Alarmed". Just because someone is alarmed doesn't mean they are doing anything about it. The Alarmed category only says that they "support strong actions", that doesn't mean they are doing anything themselves.

Based on my own experience, way less than 31% of people are doing anything *meaningful* to reduce their own greenhouse gas emmisions. People like to talk about it on social media, but then not actually do anything significant because it's too bothersome.Yeah, but Reddit loves reductionism because the real worlds greyness is too confusing and requires too much thought processing.

I support measures in place to prevent the spread, but blanket statements and reductionism is so incredibly stupid and is essentially all reddit is nowadays. The past 4 years have ruined reddit and I don't think even after Trump it will return to a tolerable experience. The people here have had their personalities forged by the moronic society they grew up in over the last 4 years where everything is black and white, good and bad.No. **What matters is if it's popular or not**. You could have a website with headlines like "Trump is actually a 6000 year old alien here to save humanity" and someone could say "Look at what right-wingers believe", but if no one actually visits that website or believes it, you're just lying and using an extreme minority opinion to paint others.

It's like saying that every time someone posts about how they hope someone assassinates Trump, no matter how many people agree with it, that is now the opinion of left-wing people. 

Or let's say there was an article with an extreme left-wing opinion like "We should kill all billionaires, spread all their money out evenly, and then pay everyone identical wages". 99% of left-wingers would never support that, and saying that because an article stating that exists, that that represents their beliefs is obviously wrong. 

If a website is not popular, gets almost no hits, etc, then it doesn't matter who is actually behind it, it has no influence on anything and doesn't insinuate that most Republicans get their information straight from Russia. **Most Republicans get their information from Fox News and Breitbart, not some no name piddly news website.**Exactly. It is irrelevant to say "They aren't left wing because there are other parties that are further left". 

There could be an alien planet where every single party is extremely right wing, that doesn't mean that the Republican party isn't right wing. 

When you are discussing politics of a country, you compare it to politics of that country. The Democratic party is the left wing party in the US. And yes, there are certainly policies that other countries would consider right wing that they support, such as the right to own a gun (Although it varies by state as to the extent they support this), or the private healthcare system.

Foreigners attribute considerable "Left vs Right" value to the private healthcare system and Americas obsession with guns. Those two things alone don't define a right vs left party.>Antifa. A made-up organisation his own FBI does not agree exists.

If Antifa doesn't exist, then "White Supremacists" don't exist. They're both ideologies, neither of them are organizations. There are [White Supremacist organizations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aryan_Nations) and there are [Antifa organizations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rose_City_Antifa). 

I don't understand this whole "Antifa doesn't exist" thing. How can you say it doesn't exist? Ideologies don't exist? White Supremacists are a group of people who share similar beliefs, just like Antifa.

Let's take two articles: 

>"WhiteSup torch police station during riot" (I shortened it to WhiteSup to make it similar to Antifa for this analogy)

>"Antifa torch police station during riot"

People wouldn't be in the comments saying "WhiteSup aren't a thing, it's just people who believe in white supremacy, they aren't an organization, there's no strict leadership", because that would be ridiculous and not meaningful. There are certainly White Supremacists who don't belong to any specific White Supremacist organization like the Aryan Nation or the KKK, just like there are countless people who would be Antifa who don't belong to any specific Antifa organization like the Rose City Antifa. People who identify as White Supremacists did something and are condemned for it. People who identify as Antifa did something and are condemned for it. It swings both ways.

I support the *idea* of Antifa and I think most people would say they are anti-fascist. But I do not support the way people who self identify as Antifa enforce that ideology. From what I've seen, people who identify as Antifa seem to think violence is the way to counter fascism, they are typically militant and anarchists. They treat this whole thing like an actual war, like World War 3. I don't think that it's the right approach, and I won't support any ideology that supports violence, no matter what their underlying principles are or how much I agree with it. So if someone asks me, I would say that I'm anti-fascist, but I am not Antifa.Please read the whole comment before making up your opinion of what I've said:

>they lied to get the warrant

There is some evidence that Breonna was involved in her ex-boyfriends drug business, that's why the warrant was issued in the first place. You're surely aware of everything, but the biggest one to me is the rental vehicle under her name that ended up having a dead body in it. There was justification for the warrant, but perhaps not a no-knock warrant. Being involved with people involved in crime is dangerous in itself, even if you aren't involved yourself.

>they did not announce themselves

Their warrant was for a no-knock raid. They aren't legally required to announce themselves. You can argue that they shouldn't have been issued a no-knock warrant, or that all no-knock warrants are bad, which is totally fair and many will agree, but the fact remains they had a no-knock warrant and they followed the protocol required of them.

>they made many non-split second decisions that caused the tragedy to happen.

When they entered the house, they were shot at by Breonna Taylors current boyfriend and the police shot back. It is understandable why someone would shoot at someone breaking into their house, but it also seems like it couldn't have gone any worse for everyone involved if he didn't have a gun and didn't shoot at the police, which resulted in Breonna being killed. That's probably not a popular opinion, but his and Breonna's odds of being shot and killed would certainly be lower if he didn't have a gun and hadn't shot at the police.

>George Floyd died because they stayed on his neck, a move that made no sense

Yup, no argument there. Totally different case than Breonna's case though. And likely will have a different outcome, as the police in Breonna's case were following the orders of their warrant. I'd like to see the outcome of this case resulting in changes to the way these warrants are issued, but I'm not going to hold my breath.

>the victim being aggressive, or moving in a way that could be reaching for a gun, i give the cop the reason of the doubt

Does Breonna's boyfriend shooting at police not count as being aggressive? Her boyfriend (Walker) himself said that he shot first. The police were in a situation where they were literally being shot at. The police were going into a situation where they had a suspect that they at least had some thought of being dangerous, hence the warrant. When you go into a situation on edge thinking there might be danger, and then there is real danger, you will act to neutralize the danger.

The George Floyd case was awful and never should have happened. In my opinion, the Breonna Taylor case is not an issue of the polices actions, but of the existence of no-knock warrants period and the judge who issued it. You are free to disagree, but that's how I see it. This take is very likely not well supported here, but I'd like to see other peoples opinions and counter-arguments to my points here rather than just downvoting and moving on.>Unless we stem the ultra rich, no one is going to pay for anything. There is a certain amount we must pollute to survive, but if we all paid a fair share things wouldn't be like this.

There will always be people with "less money". There will always be people just barely getting by on purpose. If you raise wages, some people will work less to the point where they just barely get by, live out of a van to go travelling a lot, etc because their logic is that you don't need more if you have your necessities. I know people like this in my own life. This is also common in equatorial places like Costa Rica, you work to live, not live to work. Green products need to be cheaper or the same price for *most* people to change their behavior.

Even middle class people with reasonable levels of disposable income won't spend a premium on green products. Look at the engineers, nurses, teachers, etc. Most of them have enough money where they could spend extra on green products, not eat meat, drive an electric car, but many don't, or they do very little. The issue is not that people don't have enough money to buy green products, pretending that every "poor" person is actually an environmentalist that can't afford to be green is simply unrealistic.

The solution is not to give people more money with the hope they buy green products, it's to make green products competitive with non-green products. If your goal is people buying green products, directly encourage it, don't go some roundabout way that relies on people being environmentally moral.Sure it did. Nothing changed about his life. He had the infection, he "survived" it, and so little changed he didn't even realize he had caught it in the first place.

Just because it's not a story about how he was bedridden for 16 months, has to breath on a ventilator now, and everyone he met has died doesn't mean that it doesn't describe his experience with it. Plenty of people have mild to no symptoms, and plenty of people die, there's a wide range of experiences and pretending there isn't does you no good. 

Medical professionals have said countless times that even people without symptoms may be sick and carriers, acting as though only people who are hacking up a lung and can't breathe or smell have it is dangerous.I mean, clearly yes. This post is the only thing in his post/comment history and every comment is only replying to those that talk about how incredibly deadly and dangerous it is with heartfelt messages of support.

Lots of people have mild symptoms and no real aftermath, but that's less scary than those who don't and isn't what gets op's jollies going for being so kind and caring.

Don't get me wrong, it's still a very deadly disease, people should be avoiding other people, not going on vacations, not going to restaurants or bars, working from home when possible, wearing masks, isolating, etc, but pretending that it's a death sentence is simply false and OP clearly made this post to reply to the poor unfortunate souls who have been struck so badly by this as some sort of virtue signaling.Exactly, but the issue is not the ultra rich, it's just western society people in general. Ie, people on Reddit. But instead, everyone passes the buck on to the ultra rich, or the poor, or anyone that's not them. Western society is not going to change any time soon, and the businesses only cater to the demands of the people. If the people demanded more green alternatives, they would make them, as they only care about profits, because they are a business.

Western society won't change, we need government to force businesses to be more green, forcing people to be more green. And if that means you have less disposable income, well, that's what life has now come to.

And as you said, it's only going to get worse as African countries become larger and more wealthy.Regardless of whether you think Trump is worse, it doesn't mean that there isn't "proof" of Biden being a little weird towards women and girls.

There's plenty of excuses made for it, but there is de facto proof of this behavior. You asked for proof and /u/Iosefballin provided a video showcasing the behavior. 

Pointing out creepy behavior from Biden doesn't excuse Trump for his actions. And frankly it doesn't matter. People who wouldn't vote for Biden because of this wouldn't vote for Trump for the same reason. Besides, most people already don't like Biden but will vote for him anyways because the alternative is Trump.>Yup, everything I've seen of her shows me that she's quite intelligent and on the ball

Everything I've seen of her shows me that she's essentially the embodiment of the Reddit comment section. Things like [this](https://youtu.be/1iCVn_JvOiQ?t=268) rub me the wrong way. She doesn't even care what his response to it is, she just wants to tell him that she thinks he's racist and an evil Republican supporter. It's like she does these things to garner support from people on Reddit who love "Gotcha" politics.

There's also [this](https://youtu.be/1iCVn_JvOiQ?t=181) portion of the same questioning period wherein she asks a question that doesn't even make sense: "Could I run ads targeting Republicans in primaries saying they voted for the Green New Deal". What does that even mean? What purpose would that even serve? What would even be the point in such an advertising campaign? Why did she use such a meaningless thing as an example of a dangerous thing that could be used for targeted advertising?People buy $700 cpus and 2080 Supers, and then play games that make their gpu the bottleneck anyways. 

Gaming at 1440p or 4k you're almost always cpu bottlenecked, even with a 2080 ti (like myself). It's the best gaming card there is. If you can get up to 144 hz at 4k and pair that with a 144 hz 4k monitor, that will be game changing. And in some games, that's what you are seeing. With RTX off at least.

From benchmarks, it's about a 10% fps increase over the 3080. People with lots of disposable income will buy the 2090 for gaming, guaranteed. An extra $800 is not a lot for some people.I think it's less about it being wrong, and more about the fact that half the posts here are political, and all of the political ones are "conservatives bad, liberals good". If there was a paper that showed the opposite and it was factually true, it wouldn't be upvoted, and would probably be downvoted because people like to boost the things they want to hear and silence the things they don't.

The issue with voting on science is that it becomes a popularity contest and only that which fits the narrative rises up, reinforcing a belief system that is "based in science", not realizing you are not even being exposed to articles which factually express the opposite despite those articles also being accurate.

It allows one to say "Look at all these articles which outline how much better liberals are than conservatives, there so much evidence!", but you're basing the quality, truthfulness, and universality of the article on how upvoted it is by lay-people.Likewise, if there is a white supremacist group like the Proud Boys who have a legal protest, and someone from the group shoots someone or runs over someone with a car. The individual is prosecuted, others from the organization are not, as they did not commit a crime. 

This is how the law should and does work. You can't be arrested because your friend or company or social group committed a crime, unless you were actually involved.

It is good that people who self identify as Antifa have been arrested and charged from crimes they have committed. If you break the law, you should face the consequences, no matter what your reason for doing so is. Not to mention they directly lead to the negative stigma attached to "Antifa" as an ideology.Self identifying "Antifa" have a bad reputation for several reasons, including the fact that people who self identify often go to protests looking to physically fight people (Bringing weapons), take part in riots, etc.

I am anti-fascist, but I would not self identify as "Antifa" for those exact reasons. I support the ideology in theory, but I don't support the way others who self-identify with the ideology go about putting that ideology into practice. I don't think physical violence is the best approach, and it seems like people who self identify as "Antifa" at protests do.

I would bet that a significant portion of people who don't like "Antifa" feel the same way. Most people in the US are anti-fascist, even the Republicans, despite what the news may suggest.I'd be curious to see how the article determined their numbers, because you make a very compelling argument that the numbers they are using make no sense from a mathematical perspective.

It's possible that in those firearm discharge incidents, there are more than one officer present shooting, hence each incident results in 2 or more officers having shot a gun, doubling or tripling the rate. It's reporting discharge incidents, not "People who discharged a weapon".

Those stats also make it absolutely hilarious in the grand scheme of things. With the way the news portrays it, you'd think that cops are rolling around murdering people every day, but even the number of incidents period, not even deaths is less than once every 3 days.Yup. Not saying that police murder isn't a problem, but [25 deaths](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2020/06/23/fact-check-how-many-unarmed-black-men-did-police-kill-2019/5322455002/) of unarmed black people in 2019 is extremely low. It's way way more dangerous to drive, or smoke, or probably even just take public transit period.

I don't understand the focus on police murder. It's not the deaths that should be the driving force for change, it's everything else. Racial profiling and unfair treatment are almost inarguably a larger problem than murder of unarmed black people if you look at it from a Utilitarian perspective.Exactly. It's a moral objection, but legal sale and use of photographs that are owned by someone doesn't matter. They sign over the rights to the photos and they can sell or use them as they see fit.

If you sell the rights to your photo for $200, and then it becomes super famous, you don't get to come back and say you want more money, you already sold the rights.

And that's why no legal action was passed against either party, because they didn't do anything illegal, and judges actually act based on the law, not on feelings like the court of Reddit.It's clearly dishonesty, they know shit like this makes them look bad so they deflect and say that their ideology doesn't stand for that and that some people just do things they don't necessarily like...

The overwhelming majority of people are anti-fascist. Most people don't like fascism. I don't like fascism and I would never identify as Antifa because Antifa isn't about being against facism, the actions of people who identify as Antifa clearly shows it's about being a violent left-wing thug.Yeah, no they don't. When someone says "Antifa burned down x" they aren't saying "The organization Antifa, found on the nyse under ANTF, organized to burn down a building", they're saying that someone who self identifies as Antifa burned down a building.

It's like saying "White supremacists aren't a group, so when a news article says 'white supremacist shoots up mosque', it should actually just say 'white person who is racist shoots up mosque'". Because that makes sense right? 

Antifa is as much a "group" as White Supremacists are, and yet, no one ever seems to pull the stupid "It's not a group, dur dur" card with them. You even said "it's a collection of anti-fascist groups", just like white supremacists. They're literally the same organization structure...Portland has a stigma for being a "protest-happy" place for a reason. You're naive if you think there aren't riots basically every night. If something is lit on fire, that's not a protest, that's a riot...

OP is completely right, the police can't just let the shit distrurbers do what they want, and tear gas is the most humane way of dispersing a crowd. Rubber bullets are awful, pepper spray is worse than tear gas, physical force is worse than everything else, both for the protesters and the police.

Police can't distinguish between the rioters and the protesters because the rioters are defended by the protesters. If the "peaceful" protesters pushed the rioters away into police lineups, there wouldn't be any issues, but even the peaceful protesters wish anyone who was a cop would be burned to death so they'll protect the shit head rioters who fuck it up for themselves. I'm not sure if they're just too stupid to realize that their biggest problem is the rioters, or they just don't care. So here we are.Businesses that refuse to pay their workers a fair price will have trouble finding good employees. That's why it's financially beneficial to pay fair market rate for a position, or even above market rate for more qualified personnel.

Not all employers are shitty, some recognize the above and follow suit. Those companies have no need for unions and a union only serves to hurt the employees and employer.You realize all the top comments are saying this is ironic because it insinuates he's gay? But that's not what the religious leader guy said.

If he said "Covid is God's way of punishing homosexuals" and then caught it, *that* would be ironic.

Saying "Covid is God's way of punishing humanity for allowing gay marriage" and then catching it doesn't imply that you are gay, it's entirely possible that someone like this would say this is evidence that God believes he has personally failed to prevent gay marriages and is being punished.I mean... No, that's just factually wrong. There are literally thousands of comments that are essentially "Lol, this is so true, Trump is fat and ugly!"

These are the exact comments you see on posts like this all the time. These aren't Russian bots, it's clearly manchildren who think this is "Le hilarious" and will help with anything other than further entrenching Trump supporters and turning people on the fence against them because of all of these eye roll worthy posts.Based on how the study was laid out, people who suggested they were in a higher class, whether they were or not, would be more likely to fit these sociopathic tendencies to begin with.

Someone who is middle class, but thinks of themselves as upper class is *likely* a little delusional and *likely* more sociopathic than someone who recognizes the class they are in. This outcome is basically "Delusional, narcissistic people more delusional and narcissistic".

This is all my opinion or course, maybe they somehow verified all of this somehow... But it seems unlikely.What about riots after sports loses/victories? [Case in point.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Vancouver_Stanley_Cup_riot) Not all riots are just because "People are mad". In *my opinion* most aren't. Most are from assholes taking advantage of a cause they barely even care about to break stuff and be shit disturbers.

Fuck people who destroy buildings and businesses, tear gas is a better alternative to rubber bullets or mace anyways.I hate to burst your bubble, but there are a lot of photos at blm protests where a lot of people aren't wearing masks. They might not think it's a hoax, but a lot of them aren't taking the proper protective measures. If you're going to be shoulder to shoulder with 1000s of people:

1. Don't be. That's a terrible idea right now.

2. At least wear a mask, and try to separate yourself from others."Who cares if you broke your leg, some people are paralyzed, get over it bitch"

That's what these people sound like.

Yes, being a cop isn't the most deadly job in the world, but it's still scary as shit. Not to mention they are hated by a massive amount of people who don't know them, don't know how they act, or what kind of person they are, simply because of their job. I would hate to be a cop, especially right now. 

Literally nothing they do can help right now. They arrest rioters, the protesters and rioters hate them, call them pigs, tell them their fascists, post videos online showing some cop somewhere halfway across the country being an asshole and take out their anger on their local police who weren't even involved. They don't arrest rioters, the rioters destroy more businesses, ruin innocent peoples livelihoods, then the rest of the community hates them for not helping.

Both ends of the stick is covered in shit for them.Cyberpunk 2077 will be a big one for people I'm imagining, along with Microsoft Flight Sim. Additionally, running games at 1440p or 4k puts a lot of strain on a system, especially if you're targeting 144+ hz for your monitor refresh rate. 

My 2080 ti can run games on ultra at 1440p, but depending on the game I may not be hitting my 165 hz monitor refresh rate. If I went up to 4k, I wouldn't be able to run ultra and get 144hz (but also there's basically no 144hz 4k monitors).Based on what I've found from Google, that isn't really true

[Case 1: "Which actor do you hate unconditionally?" - 643 upvotes - Woman is 5th top comment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/6o8fv6/which_actor_do_you_hate_unconditionally/)

[Case 2: "What is one actor everyone seems to love but you hate?" - 608 upvotes - Jennifer Lawrence is first, but two men follow with similar amounts of upvotes](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3qowto/what_is_one_actor_everyone_seems_to_love_but_you/) 

[Case 3: "Reddit, what character ruined a show for you?" - AskReddit post - 741 upvotes - Woman is 5th top comment again](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ahgawo/reddit_what_character_ruined_a_show_for_you/) 

[Case 4: "What character ruined a movie for you? - 43 upvotes - Women are 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th. If you ever want to defend this position, just link to this one and don't link to any of the other cases here](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ogx30/what_character_ruined_a_movie_for_you/) 

[Case 5: "Characters so bad they ruined the entire movie for you" - 28 upvotes - Woman is 5th top comment again](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8vocqn/characters_so_bad_they_ruined_the_entire_movie/) 

[Case 6: "What actor ruins a movie for you?" - 37 upvotes - Woman is third (Rebel Wilson) and then none until Gwyneth Paltrow at 9th. Rebel Wilson is a comedian, which is often hard to please everyone, and Gwyneth Paltrow is a snake oil salesman, so I can't blame them](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/g8v0as/what_actor_ruins_a_movie_for_you/) 

[Case 7: "Is there an actor or actress that you dislike irrationally?" - 54 upvotes - Jennifer Lawrence is 1st, Gwyneth Paltrow is 2nd, Anna Kendrick is 5th](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/ay8j8f/is_there_an_actor_or_actress_that_you_dislike/)

Anyways, that's enough of that. From what I've seen, Jennifer Lawrence and Gwyneth Paltrow are fairly hated, Miles Teller is hated much more than either of them. I don't think that /r/movies has some hatred of women. I think what is more likely is:

1. Women are written by men and are typically bad characters as a result.
2. People like things like themselves and men can't relate to the female characters as well. Since most redditors are male, they like female characters/actresses less.It's sort of like equating every man who murders someone who happens to be a woman as being an incel. Or any attack against someone who happens to be a minority as a hate crime. Sometimes people kill people just because they are there or because they did something that pissed them off and the person has serious issues, and them being a woman or a minority had nothing to do with it. Let's say there is a drug deal between a woman and a man, and something happens and the man kills the woman. Is that femicide? Did he kill her because she's a woman? No, he killed her because a drug deal went bad.

Likewise, women killed by their partner are killed not because they are a woman, but because they did something that caused their partner to want to kill them. Them being a woman isn't the motivation for their partner killing them, hence, by definition, it's not femicide, it's simply spousal murder of a woman.

Edit: To be clear, this doesn't make it ok or not a problem... But using the right words does matter.> You rarely see anything more than a bumper sticker for a liberal candidate.

Maybe because the left is focused on how horrible Trump is and not on how great their candidates are? There was a post at the top of Reddit just the other day with a van with Trumps face and "Loser" written on it driving around DC. Or the Trump baby balloon. Or all the dumb jokes about his tiny hands. Or the countless other obsessive behaviors people use to display how much they hate him?

How is any of that less "pathetic" than what you've described here? Both are incredibly lame and borderline creepy.How is there any financial incentive to be a single mother?

 It's simple math, you as a mother make $100, $30 goes to food, $50 goes to shelter, and let's say $20 goes to kid. If you lived with someone else (ie, a father), then you make $200, $60 goes to food, $50 goes to shelter, $20 goes to kid. You as a family are up $70 by sharing shelter. The father is down $10 for splitting the kid, but up $25 for shelter. Living with your babies mother makes financial sense, assuming half the cost of your rent is more than half the cost of raising your kid. It always makes financial sense for a mother because otherwise she'd be paying the full bill for the kid."Why learn how to fix a toilet or clean a trap when I can pay a plumber $300 to do it for me?" - People in this thread

"Millennials can't even afford to eat/go to school/own a house because it's all too expensive" - Also people in this thread

The more and more I see how Millennials outside my responsible friend group act, the more I understand the shitting Millennials get.These are just anecdotes dude... Even saying that Boomers are the me generation is a generalization that doesn't apply to lots and lots of people. People who are assholes are assholes no matter what age they grew up in.

Also, the irony of your last sentence hopefully isn't lost on you. This post is click bait to make millennials think they are superior. And all the top comments are celebrating not knowing how to do anything... That's not an accomplishment you should celebrate... 

My Boomer father taught me how to do lots of things. You can save a lot of money doing things yourself instead of paying someone to do it for you, but people in this thread choose not to learn and instead waste money, then complain about how they can't afford X and Y.>6: List of governing systems we know by now NOT to work.

Every government system works, the amount of time it works for and the population sizes it works for differ however.

A parent-child system of "government" is an absolute dictatorship. It works, as the child is not at an age where they can make their own decisions or is skilled enough to do anything on their own.

A company is a form of a dictatorship as well. Executives decide the way that the company moves, and directs their underlings to do things, who direct their underlings, etc. It works, although many would argue that the executives have too much power, and unions are required, but that is just a dynamic added to the relationship, the actual governance is still a dictatorship.

Groups of people stranded on an island or in the wilderness often have a "leader" who takes control of the situation and directs people. This works because they are either more knowledgeable about what needs to be done (Parent-child relationship) or they recognize that without firm direction, they may all perish.

Dictatorships are great in theory, but when applied to large groups of people, the dictator will often lose the sense of attachment to everyone else. It works better in smaller groups of people, and would likely be a good way of rebuilding a society, but the power needs to be kept in check and the dictator needs to be held accountable to the people in some way.

Early civilization would also very likely be communist in some way, as no one is able to provide all their essential needs for themselves and people wouldn't have enough wealth to adequately pay for services. My personal opinion is that this would quickly change as the society grew larger into actual towns, etc. as people are selfish and wouldn't want to do a harder job (Which may be the most physically demanding jobs in this early society), but get "paid" the same (Payment would be through trading of goods, money would likely not exist until much later).

Ultimately, government would likely follow a similar trend to what it was when society arose the first time. Dictators who controlled the direction of the group while they were really living off the land, communist society as no one can provide everything for themselves and absolute cooperation is required for success > Dictator either continues to represent the people as they grow, or is overthrown due to corruption and replaced with a more democratic society with more power checks, society moving towards more of a capitalist society as people who have harder jobs demand more for their work.The u of a has lots of strong programs in science, medicine, and engineering. It almost seems like you never actually attended post-secondary if you think there is such a focus on oil and gas that your education is meaningless.

Even people I know who took mining engineering said that the concepts extend far beyond oil and gas and are completely applicable to metal mines, which aren't going anywhere.No, Facebook and Google have never pretended they aren't collecting your data. Anyone who is cognizant enough to care about their data being collected should be fully aware it's being collected.

People are so weird about these things. They want free products, but they don't want to pay in non-monetary ways. Or they don't understand that most people don't care enough about their privacy to pay for a Facebook clone.It means they collect your data and then allow advertisers to say "I'd like to target white male gamers", and Facebook includes you in that ad campaign because you are a white male gamer.

And somehow that's spooky and you should be worried? Facebook isn't collecting information on you for blackmail or something, Facebook is an advertising company, their business is advertising, that's all they do.[The average revenue for Facebook per user is $7.26 USD. ](https://www.omnicoreagency.com/facebook-statistics/) If they lose the ability to have targeted advertising, they could lose half their revenue or more, it could have a devastating impact on their market cap.

The fact that each users data is worth $7.26 suggests a couple things to me:

1. A lot of Facebook users wouldn't pay the price of Facebook to have Facebook. It's easier to have people pay in something they can't otherwise market themselves (ie, their data). A lot of people continue to use Facebook solely because it's there, if they all of a sudden had to pay, a lot of people would leave. Honestly, when push comes to shove, I think a majority of people would rather have Facebook collect their data and send them targeted ads rather than make them pay for it. Reddit cares a lot about privacy, but the average person cares only in as much as they say they do and they might do some small meaningless thing they think helps them. It's like boycotting Nestle after watching a YouTube video about how bad they are, but 2 weeks later you're back buying their shit cause you never cared that much actually. 

2. If Facebook did move to a subscription model, it would be more expensive than the current "price". 

3. Data and targeted advertising is super profitable. How many people are actually motivated to click on an ad on Facebook? How can advertisers possibly even make money off of this? It seems preposterous to me, but I'm not the kind of person who clicks on ads, so maybe I just don't know how the average person is..."the worst president in US history" is not an objective statement. Who defines it? How is it defined?

Politics is like sports teams, minus the actual stats associated with sports. People decide who is worst and who is best based on whether they like them or not. Completely subjective.

Not to mention recency bias makes Trump seem even worse. Clear example is with Obama, there was basically no complaints about Obama increasing drone strikes in the middle east while he was in power, Obama could do no wrong on Reddit. He even got a peace prize. And now, there are people pointing this out, and it's widely supported that that was not a good thing that he did.

But yes, I think that the US has an issue with ignoring the actual policies and decisions made by a party or person. People are either an R or a D their entire life and they just vote on party lines no matter what.Of course they didn't. I don't know why this comment is being upvoted (Actually, I do). Facebook explicitly tells you they collect user data. They told congress they sell targeted ads. They told congress they collect X number of metrics on every user.

Facebook and any user who hasn't been living under a rock for the past decade knows that Facebook collects data from their users and is presumably fine with it if they continue to use their service.**Trump does not control the future of America. Americans control the future of America.** If Americans don't want to continue down the Trump path, they have the option of not voting for him next election. There is no "slide" unless the people want it. Even if we say Trump is a fascist, one fascist leader doesn't mean we are on a slide to fascism. We had Obama as our last president, why wasn't that a "slide towards more race equality" or more preposterously to prove that this slide concept is meaningless, a "slide towards darker and darker skinned presidents".

We aren't in a situation where we are no longer able to control whether Trump gets elected or not. You're making it seem like we don't have a choice of whether we become "more fascist" or not. We do. Maybe YOU SPECIFICALLY don't have complete control, but we still have the right to vote as a country.

Everyone is acting as though Republican people in power would support making Trump president for life. They would not. Republicans don't just care about Trump or power, they also care about America and they all care about governance, same as all the Democrats. Both parties are doing what they think is right for America. You may not agree with them, but they truly do think they are doing what is best. Pretending your opponent is the devil incarnate does you no favors.>Subverting elections

He tried to, or wants to, but that isn't going to happen. He doesn't control the elections.

>closing borders

Are you suggesting he shouldn't have closed borders? It's a pandemic...?

>promoting hyper-nationalism

I guess so?

>sending military against our own citizen

Assuming this is referring to Portland. Probably because they were looting and rioting and burning buildings and the police were a failure? It's also a pretty limited use case. It's not like the local police have been replaced by the army in Humvees, the military are being used for riot suppression, not normal enforcement. Also, martial law is nothing new and isn't strictly fascist.

>secret police

This is encompassed by the above.

>working with foreign governments in his own personal interest

Definitely not restricted to fascists. Look at the scandal Trudeau is going through with WE charity right now.

**But none of this matters. Trump does not control the future of America. Americans control the future of America.** If Americans don't want to continue down the Trump path, they have the option of not voting for him next election. There is no "slide" unless the people want it. Even if we say Trump is a fascist, one fascist leader doesn't mean we are on a slide to fascism. We had Obama as our last president, why wasn't that a "slide towards more race equality" or more preposterously to prove that this slide concept is meaningless, a "slide towards darker and darker skinned presidents".

We aren't in a situation where we are no longer able to control whether Trump gets elected or not. You're making it seem like we don't have a choice of whether we become "more fascist" or not. We do. Maybe YOU SPECIFICALLY don't have complete control, but we still have the right to vote as a country.The issue with it varies:

Some want to spend less because they are concerned about the state of debt in the country. The Republicans wanted to spend $1 trillion, the democrats want to spend $3.4 trillion. You can look it up yourself, but there are statements from Republicans in 2017 and more recently expressing concern for rising debt, both under Obama and Trump. Rising debt in the US is scary to me. I think someone needs to take an honest look at it and start trying to get rid of it.

Some have issue with providing funding to places such as The National Endowment for the Arts and the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts receiving large sums of money to distribute to arts institutions. I would personally rather see this money go to people, not charity organizations.

Also, Trump went around Congress and put out several executive actions which provide additional unemployment benefits and reduce the amount of money workers contribute to payroll taxes via deferment. But that probably wasn't found anywhere on Reddit, for obvious reasons.

Frankly, $600/week for every person unemployed is simply not sustainable. That's more than minimum wage in most places. The people working at the grocery store are making less than if they didn't have a job... There's plenty of people on Reddit who have stated they are making more unemployed than with a job. That's just stupid frankly.

I feel like they shouldn't have given anyone money. They should have given everyone food stamps and removed their rent/utilities until they could get a job again. People shouldn't be making more unemployed than employed, sorry if you disagree.You had a president you didn't like for 4 years and all of a sudden it's a "slide into fascism"?

What happens when Biden wins in November? Is it all of a sudden no longer "sliding into fascism"? Or is Biden too fascist for you too? Is it only not a slide into fascism if Bernie takes power or some other further left than current Dem/Rep party?

A 4 year rotation of who is in power means that unless both parties are moving in the same direction, there can never be a "slide" into anything. If America becomes too "fascist" for people to support the government, they'll vote for the other guys next term. Additionally: If anyone is sliding into anything, [the Democrats are sliding further left](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/06/26/opinion/sunday/republican-platform-far-right.html) (New York Times opinion piece).

Or do you honestly think Trump is going to take over the country and form a dictatorship? Because if that's what you think, you really need to get off Reddit and get a reality check.

The real problem you have is that you don't like Trump, you don't like right-wing people, you don't like right-wing politics. But guess what? A lot of people in America are right-wing and you just have to deal with that. And they have to deal with the rest of the country who is left-wing. That's politics. You don't always win. It's the same in the UK, it's the same in Finland, it's the same in Canada, it's the same in Germany. No party has 100% support except dictatorships where there is no other option.His comment is in direct reply to

>"They are America. You get the good, you get the bad."

That's simply the truth. NahDude_Nah can believe whatever he wants, doesn't make him not naive to think that we can just "get rid of the bad". The fact he mentions HiS MaRiNe FaMIly adds icing on the cake, as though his family being marines makes any difference or makes his opinion any more important or realistic.Uhh, wealth is the most important thing in regards to "class" in the world. A poor ass trailer park white man is not more advantaged than a rich millionaire athelete black man. What reality do you live in?

A rich black man driving a Lamborghini is guaranteed to be less likely the victim of police violence than a white man driving a beater 1995 cavalier.

If you think millionaire professional athletes have a hard life, no matter what skin color they are, you need to rethink your understanding of the world.You're extremely naive if you think any country is perfect, or that any country has people who all 100% agree with each other. Your family being marines adds literally nothing to this, except maybe a touch of irony, as the military has lots of racist people in it. How many of your fellow service members called Muslims "towel-heads" or "sand ni--ers while deployed?"? I bet more than you can count on one hand.It's funny you got downvoted for saying the link doesn't work when it didn't, solely because people think that that comment is critical of the original statement.

Because that's how reddit works. Find the comment you like, then up vote every second comment, because it's always:

Argument

Counter-argument

Argument

Counter-argument

Wouldn't want to use our brains and actually think about a post, just downvote things we perceive as being against what we like, raar!If you look into it, the democrats shoved a bunch of stuff into that bill that they knew the Republicans wouldn't ever agree to pass. Don't think that wasn't intentional so that they could use it as ammunition against the gop. Just saying. If politicians cared about the country they would pass bills that actually were just the bills, not conglomerates of hundreds of other things they want to force in or use for political means.I've never seen a phone where you can't disable it. If it's disabled with no permissions, it's just a pointless thing that sits in your storage. Even if you can't disable it, if you clear the cache and deny all permissions it doesn't have access to anything.

It's like saying you have a house, but you don't have any keys or any way to get inside, do you really have a house?Yes, people who likely used it for a long time, and then learned it's origin, along with all the other male students suddenly decided once they learned it's origin that it's sexist.

It's inappropriate, clearly, but if essentially no one knows the origin of the photo, it's just a normal photo of an, albeit attractive, woman. When it was introduced, there were probably literally no women in the cs department it was standardized in and it was a "funny" in-joke for the nerdy guys working there.

Maybe it's origins are sexist, and maybe it shouldn't be used anymore, but it's continued use and existence isn't some sort "stick it to the women" agenda. Most people just know it as a popular test image.Realistically, the person needs to live near you too. So even if you live in a city of 10 million, if 1% of people are interested in you and you're only interested in 1% of those (or if you want to say only 1% are physically and mentally compatible with you), then that's only 1000 people in your whole city of 10 million. And then you need to actually run into them, they need to be single, and you (as a male) need to approach them.

Yeah, none of those numbers are comforting... But 1% of people you're interested in being interested in you seems unlikely, unless you're extremely dissimilar.

Edit: I forgot this assumes every single person is your preferred gender and within your age range, which is preposterous, so the numbers are considerably worse.Mental institution or police station potentially, it would only be excusable in situations where someone could hurt themselves or do something illegal. They then use the infrequently used room next to the bathroom as a janitors closet.

You'll notice there is a curved mirror in the top right of the video, which wouldn't make any sense to be in a bathroom normally, so there's little attempt to hide the fact that you're being watched. The mirrored glass would be to reduce the complete obviousness that you're being watched.Man, you've created a great strawman argument here. 99% of windows pcs run with 0 issues. People who over clock their systems or push it to the limits run into more issues.

You would have the exact same level of reliability with a windows computer over a Mac. My parents have been running the same shitty Dell for like, a decade now, it's on windows 10, and it chugs, but they don't really use it for anything. Never had any issues at all.

My enthusiast build has issues maybe once a month, and usually associated with changes I intentionally do, like putting a new bios on my gpu, etc, but I can usually fix it in a few hours because I know what I'm doing. And I can do all that while also having a job, hobbies, dating, family obligations, friends, and chores. PCs are a hobby of mine, and if I really wanted to have a perfectly stable build with 0 issues, I could do it, and for cheaper than your Mac.

You're posting on /r/pcmasterrace and you don't think people here have pcs as a hobby of theirs? You think they aren't the kind of people who end up creating their own problems in their computers to push the limits? You think they aren't fully aware of how to create a perfectly stable system if the need arose? OK...>Plenty of computer for most people

Yes, I don't think anyone disputes this. Macs have decent - high specs across their various models, but tend to be more expensive than alternatives. 

Most users need literally nothing, as they only browse Facebook or reddit or YouTube on their computer. Probably something like 90% of users could use the cheapest Chromebook available and not really notice a difference, or hell, plug their phone into a monitor.

If you needed a general computer not for gaming, getting a MacBook/iMac is still a bad idea for this exact reason, it's over priced and you don't need the specs. Save your money...A lot of of people are just very competitive and enjoy the challenge associated with a hard fought victory. I think most people who play competitive shooters will tell you the fun games are the ones with really evenly matched teams. (The stomp fests can be fun if you just start fucking around with friends, but it gets old eventually) 

It also requires a lot more brain power than cod or other shooters like that, a death has meaning, and you need to play smart to win.Source? You'd think well off black members of society would be strongly supportive of members of their black fraternity. If they aren't, that's on them. They have just as much ability to do so as anyone else. Nepotism isn't about race, but connection.

Also, more like "Minorities wanted to be with other minorities to discuss issues specifically relevant to themselves". Fraternities aren't all bro-jock frats like the movies, there's frats with people who play video games and dnd and shit, intellectual discussion based frats, etc. And there are plenty of minorities in those 'normal' fraternities.

Go somewhere else with your ignorant opinions.It's not "whataboutism", it's pointing out your hypocrisy... 

That's how government works. When you aren't in power you need to point out that you're better than the current leader and that involves pointing out their flaws. Especially the big controversies... You're only blind to the Liberals doing it because you like their party. The NDP does it, the Conservatives do it, the Greens do it, the Liberals do it. That's politics everywhere in the world.The argument they use is: Larger government implicitly requires more administration, and organizations with lots of administration lead to employees making unnecessary work for themselves. 

The other argument they use is: Let's say that every employee is only 80% efficient. If you shrink the government, you have less employees, meaning there is less overall waste by total $ amount.

People who want smaller governments want it because they think government wastes money, so the smaller they are, the less money they waste.

People who want bigger government want it because they think the government provides good essential services (Some think **for** the price, others *despite* the price, depending on their fiscal conservative scale), so the bigger they are, the better they are.

It's a difference of opinion on the quality of government, but everyone boils it down to hatred of the other side. Everyone should strive to understand the other side, don't just blindly hate.No, it's because they hate people, clearly..... 

It was a dumb oversight with the change to the envelope and not testing it, but I don't think there's any real issues with the election, people from all 4 camps were involved in approvals, and most of the damaged ballots were able to be taped together and barcode scanned, meaning tampering would be impossible (barcode is a unique identifier).

The Conservatives aren't the only party to have their leadership election become a gongshow.Representatives from all 4 candidates were involved in monitoring the process and accepting any and all changes. It would have been impossible to change anything and have all 4 accept it unless all 4 were secretly supporters of one candidate.

They were able to tape most of them together and scan the barcode. You couldn't cheat the system if the barcode works. It's either the right ballot or its not and the barcode doesn't work.Yeah, except how does that work out for the people who actually have essential jobs? It seems kind of unfair that people can sit around and collect a liveable wage when other people are working hard for almost no extra money because they are "essential". The people who work essential jobs pay for everyone else to just collect government handouts.

The people working those essential jobs either need to be paid more, or the people working non-essential jobs need to make less money to incentivize them to get a job and contribute to society.

For example: CERB in Canada pays 50 cents less per hour than minimum wage in BC ($12.65 CAD). BC farmers are having trouble finding people to pick fruit. Why would someone work when they can just collect the same amount of money doing nothing?

This is the issue with ubi. I have no problem with it if people legitimately can't find work. But if they can't find work *that they want to do*, that's not a good reason to just do nothing. People need to contribute to society.Yeah, Twitter doesn't ban people for tweets, unless you're telling people they should kill themselves or threatening people. I bet that he threatened him, given his apparent temper. 

Also, everyone says that Twitter loves Trump, which makes literally no sense. Twitter employees live in one of the most liberal cities in the world and work in a liberal industry...Marketing directed only at pedophiles would be an awful marking campaign, pedophilia is very uncommon. This marketing campaign is the classic "outrage leads to clicks" style campaign. If this show had any other poster, no one would be talking about it at all. It is 100% guaranteed that this will lead to more viewership.

And if the reviews are right, the message behind the movie is a good one. So the outrage driven attention will lead people to watch it, and they'll take away a positive message from it, subverting expectations they may have had about the show.

Also, dance moms isn't marketed towards pedophiles and is apparently somehow an extremely popular show. Just because something has children in it doesn't mean it's marketed towards pedophiles. Pedophiles may be interested in it because it has children, but that's not the intent of the marketing campaign or the show...Oh. I see. You think there is anti-Catholic sentiment from other Christians in America. That's so laughably dumb it's actually sad.

There is no "anti-Catholic bigotry" in the US. Catholics are treated the exact same as any other Christian.

Let me know when an openly atheist person becomes president, or Muslim. Then we can talk. (And yes, I confused Catholic with Christian, because most people don't give a single shit about the distinction)You say this as though the teacher has a say in the matter. Whoever upvoted this comment and gave it gold is an idiot. No shit they should keep the schools closed. The teacher who did this is making the best out of the situation and you're acting like they're murdering children. What should the do, quit their job? Yeah, real smart. Stand up for what you believe in! They'll still send the kids to school anyways, and you won't be able to feed your family, but at least you'll have your morals! Genius!Not to be that guy, but Reddit does the same... I was on Reddit for about 2 years before making an account (So more than 8 years ago) and any content posted used to be picked apart and exposed to find the truth within the article. You used to go to the comments to figure out why the article was lying to you. 

This was especially true for politics. Essentially every article was a lie, and the comments that pointed it out rose to the top, no matter what the truth actually was, whether it was favorable or unfavorable, etc.

And now we have... Whatever we have now... /r/politics has turned into an opinion piece dumpster fire with articles titled things like "Trump is destroying America." and then an article with no content at all. How is something like that even news? It's just an opinion, and one without much thought or content. 95% or more of people on Reddit don't like Trump, but the morons over at /r/politics are literally obsessed with him.

And the comments are even worse. Look at [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/i7gvik/trump_said_the_1918_spanish_flu_probably_ended/): So Trump clearly meant WW1. He made a dumb mistake. Feel free to fault him on that, but realistically, he's done a lot worse, seems kind of dumb to get hung up on something like this. But that's not the point. Look at the top comments. They are just jokes and memes and virtue signally. Like people post on it just to be like. "Haha, yeah, Trump is so dumb, unlike us. God, he's just the worst.". They're just useless, self aggrandizing comments with zero purpose. They add literally nothing to the story. They're flashy "^ This" comments. 

You need to get to the 4th parent comment to even get a comment longer than a sentence, and it has 2400 upvotes vs the shitty "funny" comments above it with almost 12k... I guess people just don't care about actual political discussions or meaningful comments, or even meaningful content. Just shitposting for karma and circlejerking over their mutual hatred of Trump. There's no attempt to look into a post if it affirms what the group wants to think. And if there is, it will be heavily downvoted because the truth is nuanced and doesn't fit what they want to hear, or they'll just say they're trolling.

I honestly wonder what will happen to the sub after Trump. They won't have anyone to complain about. These people have formed an identity around their hatred of someone.I don't think it makes sense to say "girls are better students". If you're going to say everyone is equally intelligent and able to do every job, etc, then you should be seeing equality in grade distribution across genders.

Any disparity in grades between genders has to do either with the way school is taught favoring one gender or the way students are graded favoring one gender.

Unless you're going to say that women are inherently better at things learned in grade school, in which case the same argument can be used that men are inherently better in STEM fields and women in nursing and human resources.For example, is this racist or sexist? 

"People of different genders / races don't necessarily provide a different perspective on a topic than a white male and aren't necessary for 'diversity of ideas' " 

Or how about: "Women are under represented in certain fields because they aren't interested in those fields. People like you who try to force companies to hire more women when they are already overrepresentated in their work force support sexism"

Those are both valid arguments that most reasonable people would say aren't inherently racist or sexist, but may be taken as being sexist or racist, especially by someone who seeks out an application that's design purpose is to block "racism and sexism".Yes. Ironically, companies that massively over represent women lead to the pool of women candidates being smaller for the remaining companies that don't diversity hire. 

So you end up with:

1) The companies who try to meet ridiculous goals which lead to over representation of women or certain minorities. 

2) This reduces the pool of women from say, 20% of available candidates to 10% of available candidates. 

3) The companies who hire just based on qualifications are then forced to under represent women or certain minorities in their workforce because the *actual remaining* pool of women is smaller than it would normally be.

If everyone dropped this silly idea that they need to over represent women, the industry as a whole would look better, rather than select companies which go out of their way to essentially poach women.Here's what they don't tell you: It may actually cost that much. Or at least close.

Expensive equipment, expensive surgeons, expensive follow-up, expensive rehabilitation, expensive drugs, etc. All of this adds up. A single MRI machine is $3 million, and repair costs are around $100k a year. Surgeons bill healthcare / nhs, along with all the nurses who assist in pre and post op, along with techs. There are multiple follow-up visits, and likely months or years of rehab, along with extremely expensive anti-rejection drugs in many cases.

Not very many people need insanely expensive healthcare treatments. In a tax based system, everyone pays a part of the bill for those who do. Maybe in the long run it works out that the average person isn't "overpaying" for their service, I'm not sure on the statistics, and finding the "real cost" of a lifetime worth of procedures would be practically impossible.

Add up how much money you will pay in taxes for healthcare in your entire life. It will be a large amount of money, no matter what. Now think about whether you would be better off (At least financially, maybe not morally) under a private healthcare system. In some cases, with employer insurance, private healthcare is just *financially* better.Old thermal paste that has gotten too hot too many times can actually harden too much and ruin itself (or if it gets too cold from LN2). If your heat sink looks like this, it's probably a safe bet that you were running the system very hot for a long time (then again, the ps4 probably has an aggressive thermal throttle to prevent damage, so who knows).Don't even bother. People like this think they know more about it than people who actually live there.

Ironically, they'd say they are super liberal, not racist, etc. and yet they are completely prejudice, just in a "pc" way.

/u/snakesfriendsnotfood literally said "Not only do a majority of Saudis prefer women to wear burkas", when the link you provided (from Pewresearch, one of the most universally accepted sources) explicitly states that is not true. (Not that I think a Niqab is much better)And free healthcare? According to what? Jesus supposedly cured people himself and didn't ask for payment, that's not the same thing as saying that no one should need to pay for healthcare.

It's almost like people who are almost assuredly not religious are saying that Jesus stood for all these things that he may or may not have, and then telling religious people that they should agree with the strawman Jesus they created, purely because they want everyone to agree with them and will use "deceit" to do so.

One could argue that Jesus supporting the poor would mean he'd probably support social programs, but that's all conjecture. He would also likely thing homosexuals and trans people are abominations, but this argument can just conveniently leave out all that apparently.It depends what you're writing. If you're writing a novel, or creative writing in general, using bigger, more eloquent, more *interesting* words can add to your story, even if there's shorter words that mean the same thing. Writing isn't just to get a point across.

I will agree however that some authors are awful and seem like they use big words just so people think they're smart.This is so factually wrong its hilarious, we were in a massive long term bull market. You're technically right in there was a recession bound to happen, but no one knew when it was going to happen and it wouldn't have been the fault of whoever the president at the time was.

The current state of the economy is 100% due to the pandemic and the fact that businesses wer wahut down for basically 6 months, bleeding money, and no one was employed...No no, Republicans love to spend money, they love massive debt. Just look at the comments, they're all saying it! And Reddit is the authority on politics.

Obama skyrocketed the debt, Trump continues to increase it, yes, but the rate is slower at least (still very high). Republicans are by and large not happy with just a slower rate of increase. But no one here cares about facts, only feelings.Don't you realize debt has been climbing since 2008, with a massive rate increase from 2008 to 2012, then pretty much steady all throughout the following years until this year, which obviously had extenuating circumstances with the entire economy being shut down and both citizen and business bailouts being handed out to prevent a complete collapse of the economy?

I mean, it's really not hard to Google "US debt chart" and see that no matter what metric you use, Trump didn't radically increase the debt, he actually slightly decreased the rate of increase compared to Obama, at least until 2020.

Republicans are allowed to call out leaders for doing something wrong... Do you never complain about your boss at work, or never look at administrative bullshit you need to go through and curse your supervisors for wasting your time?Talk about a double standard and biased response:

"Democrats absolutely shit on Obama for drone strikes".

Few did. Most didn't. 

"They are very critical of Joe Biden for his stance on crime and his treatment of women". 

Definitely not the crime part, but definitely the women part, although most of the complaints are from Reps trying to undermine his campaign. 

"The GOP worships every leader they have and the disown dissenters"

Many do. Few don't. 

If you're referring to politicians not the public, then there were very very few Dems who actually made a stink about Obama and very few Republicans who dissent against the Rep leaders. Most politicians worship their parties leaders, regardless of their side, just like how most of the public worships their leaders like it's a football match. 

You "Hate the both sides thing" because you hate to admit that everyone worships their political leaders and think they can do no wrong. Hell, look at Reddit and Sanders. Dude is treated like the second coming of Jesus.I think the point is that there are two options:

1) You're sick. You have symptoms. You go to get tested. You quarantine in the meantime because you're sick and not sure what you have. You're test comes back **negative**. You're probably no longer symptomatic by the time you get your results, so you're fine to stop quarantining.

2) You're sick. You have symptoms. You go to get tested. You quarantine in the meantime because you're sick and not sure what you have. You're test comes back **positive**. You're probably no longer symptomatic by the time you get your results, so you're fine to stop quarantining.

No matter whether you have the flu or Covid, the response is the same, so knowing you have/had it is just for curiosities sake?

Testing is useful in situations where you've been exposed to someone and don't have symptoms and don't know if you're asymptomatic. When you do have symptoms, you should be quarantining anyways, so getting tested makes no real difference other than for tracing purposes and to know whether you're now "immune".I mean, not really. When 55.7% of all people voted for *someone*, it's safe to say that the other 45.3% desired votes would be similar to the outcome. It's statistics. If you're trying to make assumptions about a population and you are able to poll more than 50% of the population, you'll get an insanely good representation and the true outcome if you polled 100% of people would be very similar.

Also, how you you expect a vote to work...? When there's only one position, and people are voting on who should fill that position, some people won't get the candidate they want... That's how votes work... The dumb part of this post is that in multi-party countries it's often way worse than 20% of peoples votes to determine the leader. Take Canada last election:

____________________________________________________

**Total** Canadian Population in 2019 = 37,590,000

Total Votes for Justin Trudeau = 6,018,728

Percentage of **Total** Canadian Population who voted for Justin Trudeau = 16.0% (Worse than Trump)

_____________________________________________________

Total Canadian Voting Population in 2019 = 26,914,039

Percentage of Total Canadian Voting Population who voted for Justin Trudeau = 22.4% (Worse than Trump)

_____________________________________________________

Also, like the US, the party that won the popular vote (The UCP, United Conservative Party) did not win the election. Andrew Scheer got 1.2% more of the popular vote than Justin Trudeau, but the vote is based on ridings. 

Funny no one complains about it here...Obviously... Conservatives don't support this, but Reddit thinks every conservative is a clone of Trump because redditors seem to form their political beliefs off of whatever the current head of the Democratic party thinks.

Conservatives want people to vote in person, they don't want to move the election, just look at the response on /r/conservative. But that goes against the circle jerk narrative.Not American, but I live in a city that has some covid cases. I wore a mask whenever I went anywhere.

For work I went to a very small, very rural town that has had no covid cases, is pretty isolated, and has a very small population, no one wears a mask and it doesn't really seem like it's necessary frankly. I didn't wear a mask the entire time. Resteraunts were actually delivery/pickup only, and a majority of food workers were wearing masks, but social distancing was "attempted" at best and ignored when inconvenient, and no  regular people wore masks. 

A lot of people in rural areas will say they don't wear a mask simply because there's considerably less threat and feeling of "need" to wear one and I can't really blame them. They're living in a different world essentially. But yes, if someone did bring covid to these communities, it would be a big problem due to worse health care systems. I'd hope people would smarten up and put on a mask if there was a confirmed case in their small community.I have a job where I do both office and field work, depending on the season. I will say that the field work is more demanding and tiring, but office work is a different kind of demanding. I wouldn't discount people's jobs and how difficult or important it is based on whether they get dirty doing it.

Take computer engineers for example. Inarguably the computer is one of the most important inventions in modern history. The people who designed and built them didn't get dirty or slave away with manual labor. They did rely on the people who do to get the raw materials to make the microchips, metals, etc.

We all play a part. Every part of the process is important and valuable. People tend to look down on the people doing the manual labor that builds the backbone of everything, which is unfair. You won't find sympathy on Reddit, partly because of the way you're approaching the issue (your approach is understandable in my opinion, as people here constantly shit on people like you).

To people reading this guy's posts, please don't downvoted him just because he disagrees with you. He's expressing his opinion and it's his frustration at being constantly shit on by his peers that make him act the way he does. You'll only confirm his own hatred of the left by downvoting him.I'm not Republican, or even American, but saying "They suppress votes and get foreign help" as the reason that Trump won is extremely naive.

Just because everyone you talk to on reddit and your other mid-twenties friends are Democrats doesn't mean that the Republican party is some extreme minority that only survives with gerrymandering and foreign influence... 

I mean shit, Trump lost in the popular vote, but barely... Not to mention that the results of the election, the way candidates campaigned, etc would all be different if the election was popular vote. It's like losing a game of basketball and then saying "I'd have won if we only counted three point shots". Both sides are fully aware of what the win condition is for the election and they both play to meet that, not popular vote. 

Claiming that the Republicans or conservatives in general are a minority is as silly as saying that Democrats/liberals were a minority during the Bush Era; technically true, but obviously you're implication is exaggerative.I agree. It's pushing the pornography creators morality on its users. It's like if you needed to answer questions about the Bible because the creator of the website is Catholic.

People are allowed to think that gays and lesbians will burn in hell, and they're allowed to think trans people are full of shit. They may be an asshole for thinking that, but making it a requirement to watch poen to be a progressive liberal is a little silly.Well, it's different, because he was super hot.

This is the reason why these questions are pointless. Some people don't want anyone to talk to them at all ever and others don't care/like talking to strangers. You can say something and 50% of people will be flattered and 50% will think you're creepy. You literally can't win. There are things that are obviously pretty creepy, but some people will think everything is weird. Do whatever you want it seems and hope it works.Oh come on, I'm not a Trump supporter, but he's completely right. You know, he knows it, we all know it, and frankly, most people on reddit will agree with you, so I don't know why you bother pretending you mean anything else. 

When people on reddit mention anything they don't like about politics, it's always something that people attribute to the Republican party, and then someone (like you) chimes in to say "Make sure you vote", clearly insinuating "Make sure you vote ^for ^Democrats ".

Realistically, health care is run on a state level. The failure of state Healthcare systems to be prepared for covid is not Trumps fault, but the state governments fault. And there are states that did poorly from both sides of the aisle. 

So surely you'd support the replacement of Democrats that had poor responses to covid in the next election? No? Ahh, ok. Your response will be "Yes, they may have done poorly in covid response, but Republicans would have done worse" or perhaps "Yes, they may have done poorly in covid response, but the rest of their policies are more important than that. No party is perfect." or perhaps you'll just attack my character, claim I'm a fascist, and pretend you won the argument because you and 3 other people who are equally unhappy agree with you and disagree with me. 

To quote you: "Your facade is crumbling"I sort of understand it too, the descent is extremely dangerous, you've used up a lot of your oxygen, you start to get hypoxia and your odds of making a mistake increase. Any mistake up there is a death sentence.

If the options are:

1. Ditch your extra gear you don't need anymore, paying a fine, but increasing your likelihood of survival

2. Bring your stuff down, and more if you want to be a good person, and not pay a fine, but increase your risk of death

I'd take option 2 any day. My life matters to me more than whether or not there is more garbage on the mountain.

Now, I agree that people should be able to bring their own stuff back down with them, but when they allow people who aren't able to do so to go up the summit, telling them to then risk their life puts them in an obvious position.Science doesn't prove the Bible isnt true. The argument is that science doesn't provide any evidence that suggests there is a god or that miracles performed by Jesus are possible. Saying there is no evidence doesn't mean that its proof something didn't happen.

Science has also found evidence that Jesus was a real person who existed.

Also, I think that many people who are religious recognize that not all aspects are real, they treat religion as a story that provides a moral framework. Evidence of this is that most religious people don't follow the strange rules and beliefs from the old testiment that are totally unacceptable today.

Frankly, if someone wants to belief in religion, who cares? Let them belive what they want. If believing in a god or gods, or beliving in an afterlife helps give some people have purpose, and if they aren't hurting anyone, leave them be.

I used to be a militant atheist, but I've realized that it doesn't really matter.He never said they had a moral obligation to allow for free speech. He said:

1. Free Speech is a law. 

2. That law was created to support the moral belief that the freedom of speech is good for society.

3. While Facebook has no legal obligation to provide Free Speech on their platform, they support the moral belief of free speech, and hence, allow for it.You seem to be implying that laws should be put in place to essentially say that social media is a public message board. If that was the case, then freedom of speech laws would apply in these places. Freedom of speech laws are very non-restrictive in what they allow for, and likely this would allow for considerablly more "hateful" content (I put hateful in quotes, as there is a lot of speech many would consider hateful that is allowed under federal free speech laws).

The other issue is of course that we live in a global society. The internet and social media is used by people from hundreds of countries, but those countries all have different freedom of speech laws. How do we apply these laws across the platform in various countries?Reddit is the definition of echo chambers, they literally have subreddits you can go to to only see opinions you want to see. And most if not all of the political subreddits provide heavily biased articles to the point where they're technically not lying, but spinning it so hard that it's misinformation.

Facebook allows for more free speech than Reddit. Free speech online means allowing to say what you want, it doesn't mean that everyone can hear you. Yes, perhaps on Facebook only people that the algorithm has determined will like your content can see your content, but on Reddit, you'll be banned for saying certain things.Honestly, it's not that bad... There's content there I don't agree with, but it's not rabid. It's the best conservative subreddit if you're looking to broaden your views and see what the other side thinks. If you feel gross for seeing opinions you don't agree with, then you need to get out more.

The most offensive post on the front page there right now is about Kaepernick, where they say he can't be that oppressed, as he's a multi-millionare. Which is sort of fair. He lives a much better lifestyle than most people, regardless of their skin color.

Yes, perhaps it's sad they're still hung up about that, but I suppose it is more relevant now due to everything else going on.

Most of their borderline "offensive" content lately has been about blm rioters (distinctly different from protesters) and that the media is portraying only the good sides of the current movement while ignoring the destructive people. That's simply a matter of opinion on what percentage of the discussion should focus on the positive and what percentage should focus on the negative. There's no debating that there are riots, and it's not exactly controversial to oppose rioting I would say.From my limited experience going to church as a child, most people donate during the actual mass. No mass, no donations.

I understand that the US wouldn't want all the churches to go under, religion is one of those things that makes some people happy. It's sort of like funding the arts. Does nothing to actually help the economy, but does help society.

Mosques and other religious institutions should be recieving money as well if Catholic churches are.Free money, yes, but in actuality, it's more like free money for the employees then, because otherwise, they would be laid off most likely.

People talk about how it's free money, but at least 60% of it needs to go to employees. If they didn't give these companies money to pay their employees, the employees would be fired as they would be non-profitable, and then the government would be paying the employees anyways.

This way, the government pays the company, who pays their employees and keeps them working and providing *some* level of GDP, rather than the government just paying them to sit at home.When people say that people on /r/politics are calm, reasonable, and rational people, look to this comment:

Literally hoping that Trump, Pence, and Bolsonaro die from covid. But no, it's only the right-wing that are hateful, awful people who deserve to be banned.

I hope your 13 year old account gets banned, because honestly, this is the kind of shit that deserves it.Except you can. You can blame the government for imposing rules that make it so that you can't keep your non-profit running because of rules surrounding cash flow. You literally had no chance to survive because the government made it so you couldn't do what you knew you needed to do.

That's 100% what they would say, and the argument seems fair in this case.Black Panther was sold as an all black cast movie in the US. Other countries have little to no black people in them (especially China), so the movie has to stand on its own merit rather than being boosted by the "uniqueness" or desire from minorities to support it.

The original Black Panther poster doesn't even show what the hero looks like and looks like it was focused on showing people that there were numerous black cast members. It shouldn't surprise anyone that the poster was different. The US poster is objectively worse at showing what the movie is actually about and far less "hype" in my opinion.>you keep making strawman arguments

No I didn't. You don't know what that means. You can't just throw around words you don't know but have heard before and pretend it means you don't have to make a valid counter-point.

>I didn't say she can make policy

Yes, but the person you're responding for did. He said:

> she can do more than Twitter a message.

1. She is doing more than a twitter message, she has been videoed wearing a mask in public on numerous occasions. She talks the talk and walks the walk. She isn't being hypocritical.

2. What else could this mean aside from enacting change within the government, which is something she clearly has tried, given that she personally supports wearing a mask, as evidence from this post and point 1 above.

Therefore, the original poster meant that she should make government policy somehow, which is something she can not do. There's no other logical "do more" step, so it's clear they meant that she should enact policy.

>or that an advisor should have the same beliefs as the person they're advising

Except you did:

>Then maybe she shouldn't be an advisor to the president if her interests clash with his

You stated that an advisor should not be an advisor if their interests clash with the person they are advising. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this. Dr. Fauci is an advisor to the president and obviously supports wearing of a mask, should he not be an advisor to the president because he disagrees with Trump on wearing a mask? Obviously you'd say no...

>You obviously can't debate in good faith so have a good one.

Ah, the classic. "I don't want to argue and you're saying things that make me mad, so I'll just cry about bad faith argument, wah wah". Fuck off back to /r/politics where you'll feel safe among all the other circlejerkers.>I don't think that's actually that curious, or hypocritical, though.

It's not curious, but it is hypocritical.

If you think that people that commit crimes you don't like should be hung and sodomized in prison, but then turn around and say that we need prison reform, you're a hypocrite. Through and through.

The rest of your comment goes on to explain that the reason they're being hypocritical is because they care so much and it's a tough situation? So what? That still makes them a hypocrite.

You can't say that you care about being fair to people who commit crimes and then say "Well, unless you're a cop who kills someone, then unfair justice is totally deserved". It's the same shit as saying that you support free speech, but then getting mad when people you don't like use it to say things you don't like.

It's not curious that people are hypocrites, most people are unless they actively look inward on their own opinions, which is exceedingly rare.>That reaction time is inhuman and he's clearly aimbotting (low FOV) & triggerbotting with the AWP.

The video explained that go-tv is 32 tick, making things look bizarre.

>He perfectly timed every single bhop

Except he didn't. He missed at least one during the footage shown here.

If he was an actual pro player, would your opinion change? Because he literally could be a pro player. 

It's not "evident beyond a reasonable doubt" that he's cheating. Overwatch is supposed to be when you know for **certain** that someone is cheating. There really is not enough evidence here. Unless someone is tracking through walls, turning to look at people who are silently moving, snapping to people at breakneck speed mid-spray, or spin-botting, etc. there really is not much proof of cheating that is "beyond a reasonable doubt".

>I don't want to be rude but if you do overwatch cases, please ~~research more about how cheats work~~ read that it specifies "beyond a reasonable doubt".

I agree that skins maybe should be hidden from Overwatch though.>Any action would be good, of course.

"What actions should she be taking?"

You keep ignoring this. **What exactly can she do aside from advising the president, and doing what she is already doing**.

Yes, it's great that you want to repeatedly say that she should do something, but there isn't really anything she can do given her position that she isn't already doing...

Fauci is an advisor to the president, same as she is, why isn't he being blamed for not "advising better" when Ivanka is?>While I don't hate her, she doesn't deserve all of these mental gymnastics you're doing for her, either.

It's mental gymnastics to say that someone might be posting something that they **actually** believe in and that it's not some 5D chess play for political favor, like the OP and comments say?

It's mental gymnastics to say that people are actually different from their parents and can have different opinions from the political party they support? Do you agree with your parents in every way?

I feel like you're the one doing mental gymnastics to explain why people hate her when the reason is obvious. She's a Trump, so she's evil.

Fauci is an advisor to Trump as well. He's "part of the party", and yet, he's praised for his involvement, his stance about wearing masks, preventing the spread, etc. Ivanka is also an advisor to Trump, she says the same things, but when she says it she's "pretending to care" or "oblivious".What actions should she be taking? She is an advisor, she has no power to create policy. The only action she can take is telling people what they should do in a "non-official" capacity and doing those things herself, which she has and is doing.

Don't shit on someone just because you have a preconceived desire to hate them. Her **actions** are good. She is wearing a mask in public, she is telling others to do the same. She can't do anything more.It's implied by his statement:

>she can do more than Twitter a message.

No, she can not actually. She can try to advise Donald on what to do, which presumably she has, given her clearly public opinion on mask wearing. She is **not** in a position of creating policy. That is not what advisors do.

You realize Dr. Fauci is an advisor to the president? You think he hasn't told Donald to be in support of wearing masks? Clearly he has, and yet, no one here is saying that he needs to do more, or should push harder, or that he's a failure. He's nationally praised. Why is Ivanka responsible for not changing Trumps mind, but Fauci is "doing his best"?

>Then maybe she shouldn't be an advisor to the president if her interests clash with his and she can't do anything about it because she's his daughter??? Maybe there shouldn't be this kind of nepotism?

Advisors advise. They don't force. Fauci advises the president too, but he's getting no flack. And that's really stupid to think that advisors should have the same beliefs as their president they advise for, you want a mixture of opinions on your advisory panel.Doesn't matter to Reddit. Funny that people who pretend to be so smart, so educated, so open-minded are actually just moronic bigots who get into a frenzy when they see someone is a Republican and bash their views.

But no, apparently, by law, children are required to share 100% of the political views of their parents (I'm sure all Redditors do as well, of course). And if not that, then at least anyone who works for a political party is required by law to share 100% of the political views of the leader of that party.

And if they ever say anything that goes against that narrative, they are trying to deceive someone, or gain political favor, or some other shit. They couldn't possibly actually believe what they say, because we all know all Republicans are evil in every single way. We wouldn't want to humanize the enemy now.>she can do more than Twitter a message.

Really? She can? She has the power to overstep Trumps decision? I didn't realize that the Senior Advisor actually had the power to make decisions for the President.

Do you really think that she isn't fully aware that she does not have the power to change Trumps mind? She would know better than anyone in the world.

And don't think there hasn't been arguments about this between her and her family. You don't have an opinionated father like Donald, disagree with them on something so big like this, and not have many many arguments about it. Donald will see her tweet about this and will 100% get into an argument with her about this.

But Donald is still her father. She's not going to throw away her relationship with her family over something like this. She will do what she can, which is exactly what she has been doing, publicly wearing a mask, posting in support of BLM, posting to tell people that they should do the right thing and wear a mask, etc.

Everyone is just so blinded by the fact that she's in the Republican party and that she's Trumps daughter that they can't even support the positive things she has been doing. She's clearly not her father, but no one seems to be able to accept that.No. Not true. If you support a political party, you align 100% with that parties views, in fact, you actually slowly become the person who leads that party. You start by adopting their habits and mannerisms, then you begin to speak like them and dress like them. You hire a private investigator so you can begin to eat like them. Eventually you get an inkling in your head and you decide to move to the city they live in and hire their interior designer so you can live like them. You devote your life to politics (As politics is in everything and it is what life is all about anyways), following exactly in their footsteps, recreating the policy decisions they made throughout their career, until eventually, you become the president yourself.

That's just one of the things you need to accept when you vote for someone.>she should direct these statements towards her family. She has power and influence, use it.

Except she clearly doesn't... How many times have you argued with your parents to try to change their mind on something? It's not possible. There's no point, she'd just be ruining her relationship with her family for no gain. 

She clearly disagrees with her family on some things, but she obviously still cares about them and doesn't want to destroy her relationship with them over something that she won't be able to convince them to change.

If anything, she is using her power and influence to try to encourage right-wing people to listen to **her** and see that she supports wearing a mask, social distancing, etc.

Don't attack people spreading the right message because you think they haven't done enough, or because they're related to people that do bad things. Encourage people to do the right thing, don't turn and say "Well, sure that's the right thing to say, but look at all the wrong things that (your family) says". That's just immature.> it's a complete hoax and the supposed "hot spots" used crisis actors to fill up their hospitals.

This idea doesn't negate /u/Bourbon_N_Bullets argument of

> the perceived threat level of Coronavirus is being misrepresented

If the threat level was very low, but the government wanted you to think it was high, they would obviously have to fill the hospitals up with fake patients. "Complete hoax" would imply they don't believe it exists at all, which is just re-iterating the OP's post, which is a very minority opinion.

Now, the biggest proof that the governments at least *think* it's very serious is that they were willing to shut down their economies over it, that's an extreme measure.None of those things are "BLM protestors are terrorists"...?

Those are just right-wing people having right-wing opinions and making the same exaggerated statements that /r/politics makes. So what exactly is your point here? 

It's more acceptable for /r/conservative to be conservative, because it's literally in their name, but /r/politics being /r/democrat is dumb... It should be a place for all politics, but it's not...I don't go on /r/conservative, or any other political subreddit because internet politics is cancer, but I guarantee that you're misrepresenting /r/Conservative's opinion. They likely said "BLM protesters destroying businesses and starting fires are terrorists". Which is a significantly less controversial opinion. 

Looking at it right now, I don't see a single comment like what you said, even in the posts you would most likely expect them (Directly related to "bad actions" from BLM protesters). They may suggest that more BLM protesters are violent than actually are, but that's not really offensive, just biased, which is not against any rules, and if it was, there would be a lot of subreddits getting banned.Nothing had been posted on /r/the_Donald in almost 5 months, they all left once the reddit Admins performed a hostile takeover and made it so they couldn't replace their mods with anyone who had posted on any other conservative subreddit, meaning that the mods could only be replaced by people who didn't support /r/the_Donald... Which obviously makes no sense...

Going to their "off-site subreddit", it hasn't had any impact on their support or their rhetoric. If anything, it will just make them more likely to harass mods...

This is from what I read on outoftheloop about 2 months ago, so may not be entirely accurate as a time line.Racism is racism. Sexism is sexism. Prejudice comes from everywhere and targets everyone, and it's always bad. Don't defend being prejudice against white people because you think that white people don't "need the protection". No one needs protection from someone saying mean words online, but if you're going to apply rules that protect people from hate speech, it should defend everyone equally.

White people can be offended and attacked by black people and it isn't right. Black people can be offended and attacked by white people and it isn't right. Trans people can be offended and attacked by gay people and it isn't right.

It's really quite easy to prove that racism can target white people as well. The next time you see someone that essentially says "White people sucks for X reason", replace white with Black. If it's offensive and racist, it was offensive and racist before.

And no, this doesn't make me "fragile", I stated in the first paragraph that I don't think anyone should be offended by anything online, who gives a fuck what some random moron online says? But if you're going to start applying rules to what you can and can't say, they ought to be internally consistent...Almost like Reddit is basing its policies off of extremely liberal arts major discussion points, the kind of people who say that white people (men specifically) cause all the problems in the world and would be better off not existing.

I wonder if Spez agrees with all of this himself, or if he's just trying to not get canceled by the vocal minority who actually believes in this shit.Did you just unironically equate /r/conservative to /r/the_Donald in terms of civility? And in the same paragraph claim that /r/politics is civil? 

This is why people who identify as left-leaning are seen as incredibly biased from anyone right of left on Reddit...

You equate anything that isn't left-wing to be uncivil, no matter what content they post or what/how they discuss it. /r/politics posts opinion pieces that are literally just "Trump is the worst president ever" and the comments are all "Yeah, fuck Trump, he's so dumb. Thanks southern states who are all racist bigot white supremacists."Genuine question: How can someone expect to be accepted as a legal citizen when they immediately broke a pretty major law by illegally entering the country? (Or perhaps not immediately as most illegal immigrants overstay visas)

If you want to be accepted as a citizen, you should go through the appropriate channels, like all the other legal immigrants.

There are plenty of legal immigrants,its possible to go through the right channels, I don't see why we should be supportive of people who literally broke the law and decided they didn't want to wait in line like everyone else.They don't value free speech. It's abundently clear. They cry and moan about subreddits they don't like even *existing*, even if they are breaking no laws, are not offensive, etc (For example, /r/Conservative). They want the site to be only the things they like to hear. They downvote things they don't agree with, even though it's explicitly stated in the [reddiquette](https://www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/reddit-101/reddit-basics/reddiquette) that is not why the downvote button exists.

>PLEASE DON'T...

>In regard to voting

>**Downvote an otherwise acceptable post because you don't personally like it.** Think before you downvote and take a moment to **ensure you're downvoting someone because they are not contributing to the community dialogue or discussion.** If you simply take a moment to stop, think and examine your reasons for downvoting, rather than doing so out of an emotional reaction, you will ensure that your downvotes are given for good reasons.

>Mass downvote someone else's posts. If it really is the content you have a problem with (as opposed to the person), by all means vote it down when you come upon it. But don't go out of your way to seek out an enemy's posts.

>Moderate a story based on your opinion of its source. Quality of content is more important than who created it.

>Upvote or downvote based just on the person that posted it. Don't upvote or downvote comments and posts just because the poster's username is familiar to you. Make your vote based on the content.

>**Report posts just because you do not like them.** You should only be using the report button if the post breaks the subreddit rules.

These people support free speech in as little capacity as it is required by current law, anything more than that they do not like and do not support. People don't understand that "Free Speech" isn't some weird law thing that was created, it's a concept and an idea of how people should be free to say what they want and THEN it was made to be a law. As you said, it's a *principle*, not just a law.

Facebook is entirely free to support "Free Speech" on their website. They are not required by law, and they choose to anyways, because they support the idea, principle, concept, whatever you want to call it, of Free Speech. And to Redditors, that's a horrible thing.Are you dense? No, seriously. I explicitly stated that

1. Free speech is something that is supported by the constitution.

2. Facebook is under no requirement to support free speech on their website.

3. Facebook supports free speech anyways because they **want to**. They like free speech, like many other non-Redditors, they actually don't like echo chamber circle jerks where any opinion that isn't from the hivemind is actually heard. (Case-in-point, my own comment)

I never once said that Facebook is required to have free speech, which appears to be the center of your argument. I **explicitly** stated the opposite. 

So what exactly is your argument? Other than that you don't like free speech and think it's use should be only limited to places where it is absolutely necessary by law, and otherwise, only your opinions should be heard?

You didn't even read my comment, you literally just saw "free speech" and "Facebook" in the same comment and said: "HURR DURR, FACEBOOK DON'T NEED FREE SPEECH CAUSE THEY INTERNET DUMMY" and 7 other morons went "YEAH HE RIGHT, FACEBOOK INTERNET NOT GOBERMENT".>If you're a fetus and you exist inside my body stealing my resources, damaging my body, and threatening my life by your very presence, then I am well within my rights to murder you to stop you from doing that.

You also (In almost all cases) intentionally put that fetus there, either through your own ineptitude to use contraception or because you just didn't care at the time.

Using your analogy, it's like if you invite someone into your basement, they come down, and then they get upset that they were down there and murder you. Is it really self defense when they came willingly?

You had an easy method to prevent getting pregnant and avoid needing to get an abortion and you didn't take it. You didn't like how it feels to have sex with a condom, leading you to get pregnant, leading to you murdering a fetus.

Despite what you think, morality isn't so black and white.

To clarify, I support the right to get an abortion, but I also think people who get them are not "morally right" when they had lots of options to prevent the need to do so (Outside of rape). Being morally wrong isn't that big of a deal. Most people do immoral things every day. If you drive a car, people could justify saying that's immoral.I mean... Not really...? It's a term that the meaning has completely shifted, at least in that sector. No one thinks of racism and actual slavery when referring to a "Master Copy" of a spreadsheet, or a Master device in tech. 

Words have meaning outside their connotation. You might think it's dumb to say, but really, it would be confusing to change the word usage, and not really accomplish anything. As others have said here, changing things like this doesn't "solve racism", it's a meaningless gesture that people will pat themselves on the back for and shame anyone who continues to use the vocabulary because it was never actually offensive in the first place."Master" and "Slave" in tech is the actual perfect descriptor. A slave device is subject to the will of the master device. Slavery isn't necessarily racist, it's not like African tribes didn't take other Africans as slaves.

Or, for an even bigger disconnect from White people, South American natives taking other tribes as slaves after battles.

Slavery is not a White on Other thing, it's a human thing.You realize they need to look through the footage to make sure there's nothing that can't be public in it, right? Like people's drivers licenses, license plates, the inside of people homes, blurring suspects faces, inside the police station, etc. They aren't just going to give you unfettered access to everything the cop saw that day, they need to protect other people's privacy...I mean... On a per capita basis, maybe? There's no such thing as "zero deaths", that sounds like some bullshit campaign a local government runs under.

In reality, you need to look at per-capita death rates, and yes, if you have a deadly virus, some people will die, and yes, if you have 10x the population, don't be surprised when 10x the people die. It's just being realistic.Thank god, you're the only logical person here. Trumps job was never to control the state Healthcare systems. Notice how some states are doing fine and others are fucked? (And it's not a Democrat/Republican divide).

Put the blame where it belongs, on the state government and state Healthcare systems. Some of them responded appropriately, others didn't. No one blames the EU for Italy or the UK being hit so hard. States are essentially their own country when it comes to Healthcare. But it's easier to point fingers at the person we all hate already.To play devils advocate: Is murdering fetuses of perfectly fine babies who will grow up to be members of society a good thing? Or a bad thing?

You need to recognize that the way you present an argument and whether you think "Ah yes, this is totally valid and correct" depends completely on the opinion you already have. You need to try to understand why people disagree with you. If you can't understand why someone would want to re-open aside from "They must want to kill people", then you really shouldn't even be talking, as you made zero effort to understand the other side.

Yes, helping people not die from a virus is a good thing. How much is too much help? Should we all give away all out money? If you don't are you a horrible person who wants people to die? Should we all sit in holes in the ground until the vaccine is ready?

All of those things seem ridiculous to me. So it would seem a middle ground is the best approach. Where that middle ground lies is the only thing everyone disagrees on, but it's presented by people like you that anything less than what **you** think is best is awful.The u of a is the most inefficient entity in existence. They need to keep cutting even more. I have first hand and now second hand experience working with the university and it is shameful how horribly run it is and how many employees are there collecting a massive paycheck and doing absolutely nothing.

Anyone who uses this as a point against the ucp makes me question the entire rest of their opinions, as they are uninformed and making a decision based solely on the name of the party.Facebook is arguably easier to ignore things you don't like, just remove those people as friends. You can't avoid anonymous users going into a subreddit and saying things you don't want to hear.

Reddit has exactly the same problems, the people here just like it... I prefer reddit and don't use Facebook, but that's because reddit is a link aggregator first and foremost, Facebook is more of a "social" social media platform.I mean, the protest organizers who want to retain their ability to commandeer part of a city are of course going to say that their response to a shooting was better than the police would have... If they admitted they prevented emergency services from getting to the site and prevented the ability to find the shooter then they would be rightfully taken down...

Reminds me of when the police shoot someone and say that they did a great job of dealing with the threat. Almost like everyone is biased.If you read the article, they're ranking based on English-speaking forums. So think of all the people who post on English-speaking forums, organize them by population based on the country they're from.

It will be US> UK > Canada > Australia > Something else. Guess what order they rank these "White supremacist" countries in? The same order... It's almost like Canada is the third largest English speaking country, so they have the third most English speaking white supremacists. Big shocking news coming out of Vice.Do you even live in Alberta? You can't just spew the same shit that Reddit spews about how Alberta is some toxic racist cesspool without any actual experience. It's really not... 99.9% of people in Alberta are just normal Canadians like everyone else... Or normal people, like 99.9% of the world. Racism exists, but by and large, the massively overwintering majority of people are not. 

I swear, people talk shit about Alberta just because they vote Conservative, because it's the only party that supports the oil and gas industry, which is the only way Albertans make money... Almost everyone I know is a fiscal conservative and a social liberal. The UCP is too socially conservative for most people, but there was no other choice, as Liberals and NDP want to gut the Albertan economy.I feel like this is pretty normal no matter where you live. I've felt excluded from coworker groups that were primarily Filipino for example, but I get it, there is a culture gap there that I recognized at the time. People tend to be friends with people similar to them. An Indian-Canadian who is "culturally Canadian" is different from an Indian-Canadian who is "culturally Indian". They just may have cultural differences that makes them less likely to be compatible with other cultural groups, be that white, Asian, First Nation, etc.

The same thing happens in the US. Black people tend to have significantly more black friends than white friends and vice versa. I don't think it's anything to do with racism at all.I'm from Alberta and I've never experienced racism as bad as rural Manitoba. You shouldn't generalize against rural Albertans. Also, most people are completely normal and not racist, even in Alberta, despite what Reddit might suggest. Supporting the oil and gas industry and voting for political parties that do as well makes you evil on Reddit.

The article says that Canada ranks 3rd behind the US and the UK. These three countries have the most diversity out of all western countries. Most European countries are entirely white. Hard to be racist when you don't even interact with people that aren't your race and no one that lives in your country is a minority.South China Sea isn't a country. Also, China has just as much "claim" over the territory as the other countries in the region.

Of the remaining places you listed, only Tibet is a particularly controversial move by China.

The US invaded Afghanistan and Iraq and Vietnam in "recent" history to fight for "freedom". The president also got a peace prize for his role in killing thousands of innocent people, but their Arabs, so fuck em, right? Russia invaded Crimea, but honestly, it seems like most of the people that were there really were more Russians than Ukrainian.

I think the point is that everyone on reddit doesn't understand that other countries have reasons to be opposed to the US consolidating more power (because they are all Americans). Having a single country have the ability to push everyone around is not good for anyone other than the big bully country. Separating off some of the power the US holds onto other countries, such as China, isn't necessarily a bad thing for the rest of the world.People posting about Kavanaugh know nothing about him other than that he was accused of sexual assault and that Trump put him there. That's enough for them to just assume he votes only for evil things to spite Reddit. There was tons of articles coming out about how Kavanaugh was the best pick among what Trump had to choose from, but Reddit is blind.The title is definitely clickbait, narrative writing at the very least.

A headline should *clearly* explain what the article is about, not present misleading information. This is like, email etiquette 101, the subject line of an email should essentially cover exactly what the email is about, same with the headline. 

The fact that everyone in the thread is talking about how he ran a sex ring proves that A) No one reads the article B) The headline was created in such a way that is intentionally misleading.

A cop hiring a prostitute, who happened to be underage is considerably less interesting than a cop running an underage sex trafficking ring. The media knew that was the case as well and intentionally wrote the headline to make it appear that they were in control of the ring.

They could have made the headline:

>Toronto police officer, nine others charged in underage human-trafficking probe **following** investigation into the sexual exploitation of a 16-year-old girl ~~started in November~~. The officer involved had 11 years of experience ~~with the police service in 51 Division~~ and has been suspended with pay **after solicitation of an underage prostitute**

If it's too long, they can just remove some of the random garbage they threw in, like "started in November" and "with the police service in 51 Division".

They wrote the headline intentionally, don't kid yourself.No kidding. These people always create situations that haven't happened yet and then get mad at the outcome they *think* will happen. He's going to go to court and if he's found guilty, he will be sentenced like anyone else. He'll serve whatever punishment he deserves, and then he won't be able to be a cop, as nowhere hires a cop with an underage sex crime felony...

1. People are mad that he's suspended without pay: There's plenty of perfectly valid reasons for why this is the case presented in this thread, including that he's innocent until proven guilty (Something most people can't seem to understand and I guarantee the guy you replied to doesn't even agree should apply to cops).

2. People are mad that he's going to not be convicted: He's going to court, he may be convicted or he may not be, you can't be mad at something that hasn't come true yet...

3. People are mad that he's going to "Go to the next town over" even after he gets charged: Again, people being mad at something that hasn't happened and likely won't, as no one is going to hire a cop who has an underage sex crime felony...

Then again, I should be surprised that someone who calls cops "pigs" and makes **amazingly controversial** statements like "A pig buying an underage girl should have him banned from service forever", as though anyone disagrees, is a reactionary turd instead of rational.This argument sounds like what conservatives use to not discuss gun legislation after a school shooting. It is relevant because we are saying that black people are targeted by police disproportionately, but they also disproportionately commit crimes (including murder), which would explain why they have more police interactions, and more police interactions invariably leads to more *bad* police interactions which result in the death/murder of the suspect.

You can dig into *why* black people commit more crimes, or why they don't and are just more likely to have their crimes reported, etc, but that's another issue. It is true that black people have more police interactions, which will invariably lead to more police deaths.

So is it really that black people are murdered by cops at a higher rate? I.e. Is the rate of police killing suspects per million police interactions the same across all races? That would seem to me to be an important statistic that I've never seen presented.

It would of course not explain away why police have more interactions with black people.No actually, because people that think like op *change* their beliefs to align with their favorite politician. This is enforced by the echo chambers that harass you if you disagree with **any** policy of their favorite politician.

This shit happens with Trump and it happens with Bernie. Look at the number of people who gloss over the fact that Bernies plans, while great and all, were way too large to ever actually get through government and that you need to start smaller... Or that he didn't like nuclear. Reddit **loved** nuclear. Bernie doesn't support it, all Bernie supporters just completely stopped talking about it.

Morons who kiss the asses of their politician, don't critically look at their own party for what they are doing wrong, don't look at the actual policies of their politicians, these are the people who say dumb shit like this and are why Democracy is practically a failure.You don't need to love fascism to think that Antifas methods and approach is not the best. There are legitimate cases of Antifa stirring up shit.

You're equating Antifa to the idea of being opposed to fascism, but a little granny protesting at a blm march is probably against fascism but doesn't support beating the heads in of a white supremacist...

Antifa =/= all people opposed to fascism

Antifa = a very specific way of opposing fascismIs it that Democrats don't care about poor, rural, and uneducated communities, and so people from there don't vote for them? Or because people who vote Democrat like to insult people from poor, rural communities for being fat and dumb, and tell them they should get a job that's available only in a city, thereby tainting those peoples opinions of the party?That isn't true. It is widely considered that the first major action of the Catholic Church that condemned slavery was with Pope Gregory XVI in 1839, but many American Bishops continued to support slavery until abolition.

The Quakers are among the first white groups to denounce slavery, yes. But someone always has to be first, we are talking about when public sentiment shifted.

Just because someone somewhere believes something incredibly liberal for that time doesn't mean that now if everyone doesn't also agree they are evil people.

Hypothetically, someone in the world today is the *most Liberal* person there is, by future standards. They may hold fairly outlandish beliefs for modern day, but beliefs that will become normal in the future. We shouldn't all be held to the standard of future generations, we should be held to the standards of modern day. Hell, the future may become **less** liberal.It's not like Northern states didn't have slaves at the time, so you argument doesn't hold a lot of water. The founding fathers all had slaves as well. If you had a "common belief that slavery was on the way out", why would you continue to support it personally?

That's like an environmentalist saying "Oil and gas is on the way out and gas powered cars are really bad" and then going out and buying an F350. Walk the walk. Seems a bit revisionist to say that the North didn't support slavery back then.Did you just read the parts of my post that made you angry and ignore everything else?

I specifically said:

>a larger problem is "abuse" and unfair treatment of minorities by police, not being killed...The likelihood of you being harassed by police **is** higher as a minority, and that is a real problem that should be tackled.

But you chose to ignore that and instead double down on being mad about something that is:

1. A way harder problem to solve

2. Not even that big of a problem.

Again, your odds of dying from police while unarmed are 0.09 per million. You odds of dying while driving are 118.22 per million... 1,386 times higher... Why ignore statistics? For some more context, your odds of winning the lottery are 0.07 per million, almost as high as being killed while unarmed.

I did not say that police are great people who never do wrong. I do think that 28 shitty police officers (Or if you want to say that everyone directly involved is culpable, then we can say around 100 shitty police officers) who kill an unarmed person out of the [roughly 687,000 police officers in the US](https://www.statista.com/statistics/191694/number-of-law-enforcement-officers-in-the-us/) (0.015 %) is less of a problem than the constant mistreatment (excluding murder) of minorities from police officers.I mean.. No.. Because LA cops have no ability to do anything about a Minneapolis police officer. Also, you seem to forget that they are being charged, so they are doing something about it.

People protesting police in their local cities that haven't actually done anything wrong seems bizarre to me. Literally, not all police departments are the same. If your cities police are shit, protest them, but protesting against the police in your city for the actions of police in a different city just doesn't seem reasonable to me."should be 0" is a stupid goal, honestly.

Surgeons should have 0 deaths from surgery as well, but they don't. They aren't trying to kill people.

Water should have 0 contaminants in it, yet federal policy has a maximum allowable lead content that is non-zero, because engineers know it's not possible to reach 0.

There should be zero traffic fatalities, but there's a shit ton. We don't shut down drivers or make everyone go 10 mph so no one can be injured.

Nothing can ever be zero in the real world, you're extremely naive if you think there can be zero police deaths, unless you just don't have police at all.The numbers he gave show that black people are disproportionately more likely to be killed by a cop while unarmed than white people. Nothing he said suggested that it's fine because they're black. He pointed out the fact that the likelihood of you being killed by police while unarmed is incredibly low to the point where it basically should not be a concern of anybody.

What is actually a larger problem is "abuse" and unfair treatment of minorities by police, not being killed. If you don't have a gun and are just hanging around not breaking any laws, the likelihood of you being killed by police is almost literally 0%. The likelihood of you being harassed by police **is** higher as a minority, and that is a real problem that should be tackled.

For context, 38800 people died in motor vehicle accidents last year in the US, compare that to the number of unarmed people killed by cops... Are you terrified of driving? Are you terrified of being killed by a cop?The issue is that a portion of any subreddit  will have people calling for violence. /r/politics has people hoping that Trump got covid and killed all his staff members. That would certainly classify as hate speech under your definition, but few would says /r/politics is a hate subreddit.

How much is too much? Who defines what classifies? Who defines how much classifies? What if moderators are actively making efforts to combat it? There are a lot of factors that need to be decided before and will likely make absolutely no one happy. People here will think they didn't go hard enough, others will think they went too hard, there needs to be clear rules that a subreddit can look to to make sure they abide by them and don't just get banned because an admin (or a mod of a different subreddit *cough cough*) didn't like them. 

 "Just ban them already!" is not a reasonable approach...It's also their choice as to whether they want to follow the *ideal* of free speech, regardless of whether they legally have to or not. A company can be a free speech supporter on their platform because they believe in the *idea* of free speech, not just where they need to legally require it... You understand that right?

Like, some people support the idea of free speech and would be perfectly happy to have it applied in more places.

I personally don't think that just banning people for saying things you don't like is going to cure people's racism, you can't cure racists by shunning them or ignoring them, you need to have civil discourse and explain why their thoughts are wrong. You seem to think that making reddit not have bad subreddits (what classifies is based on your own opinion, which likely varies even between members of this subreddit) will "cure racism", but really it doesn't... 

But I realize this is not the right subreddit to be saying this on, because no one here agrees with me...>Slave trading is considerably more evil.

I'd argue that people in positions of complete power (i.e the founding fathers when they created the constitution and could have banned slavery then and there) are more "evil" for doing "evil" things (I don't like the idea that these were evil people for doing something that was considered perfectly normal back then).>Theres being a king and owning slaves

These kings supported slavery, they had the power to do whatever they wanted without anyone else's input, and they chose to continue reaping the benefits of slavery. They are considerably worse than the traders, if you want to apply modern morality to historical times.

But that's the point. You're apply modern morality to historical times. 

What will be something you do or think nowadays that will be viewed as being horrendous in 200 years? Do you think people should be allowed to marry robots? Do you think that changing genomes of fetuses to prevent certain deformities is acceptable? Do you support the creation of sentient AI and do you think those AI's should have the right to vote and be equal under the law? These are just a few possible issues that will be similar to racism or slavery from our generation. 

You're human, your beliefs are formed from the society and time you live in, don't think otherwise. If you were from the 17th century, you'd support slavery as well. Literally everyone did. It was morally acceptable and seen as normal back then. Just like how stoning people to death was morally fine and supported back 1000 years ago. 

>Why are you defending a monument to a disgusting human being and against its removal

Because it's history. It doesn't glorify his slave trading. It wasn't made to glorify his slave trading. It was made to celebrate what he did for Bristol, and it was raised by people in the 17th century to show their appreciation for what he did (Again, no one at the time had any issues with slavery, it was morally acceptable).

Do you seriously not understand that morality changes over time, and why applying current day morality to past people isn't appropriate? Hell, if you want to look even more recently than slavery, the first gay rights group in the US was formed in 1924, that's less than 100 years ago, and by no means was gay rights popular back then. I can guarantee that presidents back then (even the ones from your favorite party) were against gay rights. Do we say they are all horrible people because of that and not celebrate the good that they did?

Let's count back and see which presidents we can celebrate, if we apply this logical, shall we?

Trans rights - Obama is likely the first president of the US to support Trans rights, although a trans person would know better whether he did any meaningful action to help them. So any president before Obama can be labelled as being anti-trans.

Gay rights - Illinois was the first state to *decriminalize* homosexuality in 1961, not really a great leap forward. In 1982, Michigan became the first state to outlaw discrimination based on sexual orientation, we can say this is the "end" of discrimination at a government level, but realistically, it's not even close. Bill Clinton enacted "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" which prohibited openly gay and lesbian Americans from the military in **1993**... So any president before... Well, George W. Bush came after, so not sure he was exactly pro-gay rights. Let's just say Obama again, but state level governments changed a lot over Bushes presidency in this regard.

Black rights - Way too big to unravel, so let's just use abolition of slavery, which was in 1862 by Lincoln. So any president before Lincoln can be labelled as supporting slavery.

If you use Trans rights as your moral zero point, then I guess only Obama can be celebrated as not an asshole, but I'd argue that if you look objectively at what Obama did, despite getting a Peace Prize, he directly lead to the murder of thousands of innocent men, women, and children throughout the middle east. So not exactly squeaky clean there either...

The point is, you can't apply modern morality to historical figures. What was liberal then would be the most disgusting conservative views you've ever seen today. Recognizing that and not supporting the destruction of a statue seems pretty reasonable to me.Did you even read my comment? You literally just knee-jerk replied, I explain why that is problematic...

If you want me to quote myself again...

>If we start removing statues or deleting history of people because they did something bad by modern day standards, we won't have any historical figures left. This man did a lot of charitable things around Bristol, it's why he has a statue, not because he sold slaves.Weren't the founding fathers big proponents of slavery for the most part? Aren't all historical kings and queens of Europe big slave owners?

We are looking at history through a modern lens and deciding who was good and bad based on our current moral standard. At the time, slavery was completely normal. African tribes enslaved other African tribes long before white people were invading Africa. South American tribes had slaves before white people even knew they existed. 

Hell, the Bible says a lot of horrendous horrid shit, but most people know that taking it at 100% face value nowadays is dumb. They aren't throwing out the Bible because it talks about how you treat a slave, they recognize that was part of history.

If we start removing statues or deleting history of people because they did something bad by modern day standards, we won't have any historical figures left. This man did a lot of charitable things around Bristol, it's why he has a statue, not because he sold slaves.Everyone who has been on Reddit longer than the past 3 years knows exactly what direction Reddit will take this policy. It's not even a question, only a question as to when the night of the long knives will be.

The ironic part is you have mods of some subreddits calling for Reddit Admins to do MORE than this, they want people IP banned or something for posts like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/gw1wj7/drew_brees_on_2020_nfl_anthem_protests_i_will/fssqpc2/) on /r/Conservative (This was actually suggested as signs of racist comments that Reddit should take action against by a mod of /r/NFL). These people are insane, and they're the ones in power here.

If anyone is leading to the political divide on Reddit, it's mods like this that are trying to create places where politics is so lopsided that discussion isn't even allowed. You need discussion to be able to expose the issues in peoples ideas. Plugging your ears and screaming at conservatives isn't going to make them liberals, it just makes them hate you.

>If they are all far left ideologues, then the platform will reflect the desired reality of a far left ideologue. If they are far right ideologues, it'll be the same thing. It's not good in the end, and every year it seems to get worse. I can only hope that one day, social media platforms will have to uphold true freedom of speech. If they do, will there be more bad ideas on social media? Of course. There will probably be more offensive content on average. But that's the world, that's reality. If I'm allowed to be offensive on a street corner, then I should be allowed to be offensive on the digital street corner.

I agree 100%. You see this already. Facebook said they won't be blocking Trump from making statements, supporting his right to free speech, and Zuckerberg is being labelled as an awful person, for supporting something that is **literally part of the constitution offline**. How can people defend this? Oh, right, because free speech should only apply to speech *I like*. Ironically, these same people claim that right-wing people only like free speech when it's things they like. It's almost like blindly biased individuals exist, no matter what political affiliation you have. Moronic right-wingers are as frustrating to listen to as moronic left-wingers.This is the stupidest shit I've ever heard. The cops aren't trying to kill you. Your odds of dying from a cop as a black person is way lower than your odds of dying while driving. Your odds of dying after shooting a cop is 100%.

This isn't a video game, this is real life, most people who aren't morons wouldn't commit suicide over some police brutality.You'd need to store multiple years of data though... You can't record something and then overwrite it a week later, because that will be the excuse for why they didn't see something.

So you'd be looking at an extra $50 usd for every officer every 3 shifts, plus whatever the cost of management and storage of all that data would be. 

Recording 24/7 is **not** viable and **not** necessary. As I said, there are other methods which are very liberal with when they film and it would cut off tons of the cost of this, making it considerably more likely to actually be implemented.>The camera should stay on at all times while the officer is authorized to act as an officer, and should never be turned off under penalty of law. 

This isn't really possible. The amount of storage required to keep every single officers 8-10 hour shift every day, for multiple years (Due to the possibility of future lawsuits) wouldn't be reasonable.

There are already certain states that have better methods for having the camera be on when it actually matters (i.e. cop is out of the car, gun/taser is unholstered, etc.). Most police do a lot of driving around, the footage of their steering wheel isn't really necessary...It would be trivial to have them connected to a system that monitors when they leave their vehicle and turn on.

Or have it constantly on, but constantly dumped everything but the last 90 seconds or whatever interval so when it is turned on it saves the first 90 seconds.

The issue is that these are government related and the government is incompetent and uses decade old technology with contracts charging through the roof for garbage.You can't assume these actions are from people wishing to undermine the protest, because there's plenty of people who think that the rioting and looting is legitimately good for the cause. (Also because there's no proof one way or the other, assuming anything is just expressing your own bias) 

You only need to spend a few hours on Reddit to see that there's lots of people legitimately supportive of the rioting and looting because, to paraphrase: "We've tried being peaceful and it didn't work"

It's a bit of a cop-out to claim that every act of escalation or violence is from an undercover cop, or a white supremacist undermining the operation, or someone who just wants to break shit. There are people who legitimately support the cause and who think that violence is the solution.People looting are criminals... I mean, do you remember the roof Koreans from the LA riots? I'm sure they wished they had police to defend their businesses and deal with the massive amount of criminals taking advantage of a protest to get free shit and destroy stuff for fun.

I don't like shooting criminals, because every criminal deserves a fair trial, but looters are all criminals, they aren't protesters.Protesters don't loot and commit arson, stop using the death of a black man at the hands of violent police to push your anarchist agenda. The people of Minneapolis and Saint Paul do not want to destroy their government, they want accountability for the actions of police and reform. 

Don't believe me, look at the subreddits. No one, and I mean NO ONE supports the rioters and looters. These people aren't protesters, they are opportunistic criminals.

You don't have the "freedom" to steal shit because you don't like capitalism.Ah yes, just small locally owned businesses and entire streets. It's funny how people of /r/Minneapolis and /r/saintpaul are more-so scared and upset than they are happy their city (Sorry "PaRt'S of ThE CiTy") is being destroyed.

In case you didn't know, the hardest torched and looted areas are where the majority of black and minorities are. The rioters are hurting the community they should be supporting.

Edit: For proof, just look at the sub, or [look at this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minneapolis/comments/gukmf8/this_is_my_neighborhood_in_north_minneapolis/) as an exampleSo you're an asshole. Got it. I'm sure all those small business owners that had their livelihood destroyed because some people want to use a black rights and police brutality protest and turn it into a government overthrow. I hope the police arrest people like you for all the felonies you'll be committing over the coming days.

People like you give protesters a bad name and turn normal people away from the cause. 

Everyone supports reducing police brutality, only dickheads support rioting and looting.Are the Bigaloo's not just anarchists? They want to destroy society because they think it's corrupt and horrible. They're essentially the same thing as Antifa, but appear to be more pro-gun. I think most people would label them as "alt-left" if they looked into their beliefs more, but they don't really fit perfectly. If any group seems to encompass the "horseshoe theory", it would be them I feel. There are also minorities in their group as well, based on Facebook links I saw about them.

There are obviously going to be some racist people in their group I'm sure, there's certainly racist Antifa people as well, but I wouldn't label them as a "white supremacist group".You can argue that Trump had some influence on how Covid was handled (Although I'd strongly disagree and say that Trump had minimal influence compared to state governments), but he had no hand in the situation that lead to George Floyd's death.

1. The dude had dozens of complaints against him over years that were never dealt with at all by the police department. Many were from before Trump was in office.

2. Every person in power in Minnesota is a democrat, the whole way up and across, with the exception of the president. The problems in their police department that lead to this existed before Trump and have nothing to do with him.

If Hilary had won in 2016, the conditions that lead to Georges death would have still existed in Minnesota, and there would have definitely been an unjustified police killing during her term somewhere in the country (And she wouldn't have been blamed for it). The president doesn't have control over police departments, and definitely doesn't have control over individual police officers. It's certainly not Trumps fault George is dead...

A major reason why the protests are so bad is because of the economic and social conditions resulting from the lockdown due to Covid. Pent up frustration that has boiled over.Yup. Everyone is saying that either the rioting and looting is an understandable and justified outcome of the anger people feel and necessary to bring out real change, or it's white supremacists with secret agendas to make people hate black protesters.

It's great that you can play both sides and come out ahead no matter what.

Or you can always blame it on cops starting everything every time. There's no proof of it, but you can then just say "Well yeah, the cops investigate themselves, so they just lied".

Nothing ever needs to be reasonable, or consistent, or provable, as long as you can make it out to be supportive of whatever is Reddit-approved, you'll be supported anywhere.

Frankly, even if it was *only* white people that "start" the violence or looting, there's plenty of proof and videos showing minorities and white people stealing stuff or breaking stuff. If all it takes is someone breaking a window to get you to steal from a store, you weren't in a good mindset to begin with.I never claimed objective truth. I even fucking said "There's no proof possible because they have no idea who did it or what the reason was".

I said that it was awfully suspicious, I voiced my **opinion**, and very clearly stated it was an opinion, and one that seemed to be pretty reasonable. I never once fucking claimed I knew for a fact anything. Don't put words in my mouth asshole.How did you possibly take away what I said to be supportive of running someone over...? I merely stated the fact that if you're a pedestrian in a location where cars drive really fast in a little meat suit, and you intentionally jump in the way of cars, you should be surprised or mad you get hit by a car. It's pretty easy to not get hit by a car, don't go stand in the middle of the road, and certainly don't run to be in front of a car.

To quote you...

>Give it the caution it deserves, FFS.If I was a police officer I'd strike. Nothing they do right now is taken well.

Preventing people from destroying buildings: "Look at this footage of them arresting people and shooting tear gas!"

Being around people who are "peaceful protesters" : Get harassed or put into dangerous situations where they need to do something to protect themselves and then get 100% of the blame for it

These people don't want police to exist, let them not exist. See what happens to the cities.

Then again, there are situations like the arrest of reporters, which is unacceptable of course, but this whole situation is lose-lose for police. I'd be fighting with all my power to be as far from the front line as possible.These people ran to be in front of his car and there were people who could easily run to be behind him. He didn't ram these people, they ran to be in front of his vehicle as he was trying to drive down the road... And once he's stuck in the crowd, he might be literally murdered. In my opinion, being swarmed by an angry crowd is grounds for self defense. There's a video of protesters pulling someone out of their truck and beating the shit out of them in this thread, I wouldn't stop at all. Hell, if you were driving in Mexico and there was a blockade across the road and someone blocked you in, you'd drive through them because you fear for your life. Exactly the same situation. 

He shouldn't have been there in the first place. Honestly, if I was a police department, I'd just go on strike. Literally nothing they do will be taken well, let the looters and rioters destroy the cities if it makes them feel better.There's a difference between saying that some cops are white supremacists and all cops are white supremacists.

There also are always cops at kkk rallies (Also the kkk itself is actually extremely small now and most other white supremacist groups are larger than them according to Wikipedia). White supremacist group protests are *planned* protests, they apply for permits to protest because they know they would be shut down immediately if they didn't. You can't prevent someone from protesting if they are abiding by all the rules. If they were shut down and were doing nothing wrong and following all the rules, I'd hope people would be upset about it, because it spits in the face of our right to free speech. Free speech is something that you need to support for those you don't like just as much as those you do. 

Likewise, the protesters shown here holding a sign, if that's all they and everyone around them do, and they applied for a permit, absolutely nothing can or will be done to shut them down. They presumably did not apply for a permit, so they are likely blocking a road "illegally", not that I disagree with the protesters, but that's the way it is.**DUDE**. Let's run through two scenarios here.

A crowd of protesters are outside a building, trying to get in. Two guards are outside, who look and are acting like police. Someone drives by and shoots the guards.

Option 1: The shooters were just guys who had a grudge against the cops and used this as an excuse to kill them. They *knew* they'd be outside the building and used this as good timing.

Option 2: The shooters thought the guards were police, due to recent events, there is a lot of hatred towards police, and someone saw an opportunity to kill two people who they thought were police who didn't have backup.

Be realistic here, don't just make a snap judgement, and think for yourself critically, which of the two options are more likely? Are you hung up on me calling it "protest related"? What if we say that it's "riot related", does that make it more palatable to you?

There's no proof possible because they have no idea who did it or what the reason was, but Reddit only seems to care about proof when it's going against the narrative, otherwise they gobble it up like a fucking buffet.Not sure you understand what I mean when I say 'statistically, it won't be'...

Yeah, you can be mad that on average police treat minorities worse, and I understand the *sentiment* behind "wait for it to be you", but there's a lot better reasons, such as simply not wanting it to be *anyone*, not just "*you*".

>should gets charged

He was charged, within like, a day... not sure what people expect really.Stop spreading unfounded rumors. The proof of this is as follows:

A text message which I could make in Microsoft Paint in 30 minutes which claims to be from the ex-wife of a random cop. The text claims that she can totally tell it's him, even though all you can see is literally his eyes. She also says that's definitely her gloves and respirator... However, the gloves are standard black nitrile gloves and a painters mask with standard pink respirators. I'm pretty sure I have the same mask from when I painted my house. Maybe I broke those windows. Why would he even have her gloves and respirator in the first place, they are divorced.

There's just as much proof he's a cop as there is proof he's Antifa or some random shit disturber.

The issue is that you're spreading a rumor about a specific person in the middle of a protest that could and has turned violent. If something ends up happening to him as a result of this unfounded rumor, I hope you feel partially responsible, because you are.Stop spreading unfounded rumors. The proof of this is as follows:

A text message which I could make in Microsoft Paint in 30 minutes which claims to be from the ex-wife of a random cop. The text claims that she can totally tell it's him, even though all you can see is literally his eyes. She also says that's definitely her gloves and respirator... However, the gloves are standard black nitrile gloves and a painters mask with standard pink respirators. I'm pretty sure I have the same mask from when I painted my house. Maybe I broke those windows. Why would he even have her gloves and respirator in the first place, they are divorced.

There's just as much proof he's a cop as there is proof he's Antifa or some random shit disturber.

The issue is that you're spreading a rumor about a specific person in the middle of a protest that could and has turned violent. If something ends up happening to him as a result of this unfounded rumor, I hope you feel partially responsible, because you are.Stop spreading unfounded rumors. The proof of this is as follows:

A text message which I could make in Microsoft Paint in 30 minutes which claims to be from the ex-wife of a random cop. The text claims that she can totally tell it's him, even though all you can see is literally his eyes. She also says that's definitely her gloves and respirator... However, the gloves are standard black nitrile gloves and a painters mask with standard pink respirators. I'm pretty sure I have the same mask from when I painted my house. Maybe I broke those windows. Why would he even have her gloves and respirator in the first place, they are divorced.

There's just as much proof he's a cop as there is proof he's Antifa or some random shit disturber.

The issue is that you're spreading a rumor about a specific person in the middle of a protest that could and has turned violent. If something ends up happening to him as a result of this unfounded rumor, I hope you feel partially responsible, because you are."Not proven". And yet you'r publicly spreading articles that state the person accused of this by name. 

You don't think that's irresponsible? There's no proof this guy was involved and now he's being smeared across the nation as starting all this shit based on a rumor with no real evidence.

What if this dude gets shot? Will you not feel partially responsible for that by spreading rumors about this? Especially if it's somehow proven he's innocent later.Her mask that is a commercially available and common painters mask with commercially available and common filters on it? The text also showed that she also said he was wearing her gloves, which wouldn't fit him almost assuredly and are also commercially available and common nitrile black gloves.

Why would her ex-husband even have those things of hers anyways? Not to mention that that text could be made in literally 20 minutes with Microsoft Paint.I 100% agree with you, assuming your point is that there is a difference between protesters and looters/rioters (although, unfortunately, they are lumped into the same group, in part for the same reason "good cops" and "bad cops" are lumped into the same group). You can heck my post history and I've stated the same thing multiple times over the past few days.

However, your post implied that people who are protesters that don't stand their ground when being tear gassed aren't real protesters. There are families with children out protesting, you surely can't expect them to just sit in tear gas...I was probably angrily posting on Reddit at the time of the shooting, so I've got an alibi I'm sure.

All I'm saying is that it's pretty suspect and I *feel* like the statement that it's not related was made because they don't want to stir up shit. They'll probably never catch the people that did it either. Obviously my *feeling* isn't proof, but I'm just pointing out that it really doesn't seem that clear-cut from the evidence that is shown here and the situation would obviously *imply* that it was related (Surely you can agree with that).>Count all EU deaths and divide by population and compare all US deaths divided by population.

This doesn't work for several reasons. Honestly, comparing stats right now is dumb period.

1. Countries report "Covid deaths" completely differently. What one country says is Covid related others don't. Some countries say that if someone dies of respiratory failure, it's not Covid, even if they had Covid... The only real way to compare death rates will be too look at deaths from this year and compare to deaths from last year and calculate the increase. Any increase will largely be due to Covid related deaths and will encompass other deaths as a result of over-stressed healthcare systems, which is a large contributor as well that isn't encompassed in Covid death statistics.

2. Countries are in different stages of the infection. This is like comparing what happened in Italy 2 or 3 months ago to the rest of the world and saying they are doing so poorly, or comparing their rate of infection now and saying they are doing so well. The US can't magically change the way infection works, just like every other country. 

>Comparing all of US to single European countries does not make a lot of sense given the different scales.

I'll agree with you here, but only in respect to the fact that American states are more like individual countries. Certain states are doing absolutely abysmal and others are doing way better than many EU countries. I put more blame on the action of the individual state governments than the federal government. The state governments run the healthcare systems, they control their own medical supply, they put in place their own measures for quarantine, self-isolation, and social distancing. The federal government intentionally doesn't put their hands into those state affairs (And the state government usually like it this way). And yet, when a state does poorly, the federal government is blamed by both the people and the state government. Trump allowed the states to make their own decisions on this, and his reason for doing that makes complete sense: Each state has their own problems and policies that apply to one state are unreasonable in others (Although I personally think even state level decisions are a little silly, what is reasonable in a big city is different from a super rural town).

Canada took a similar process, provinces set up their own rules for what businesses are essential, who can/should be working, etc. Quebec is doing particularly bad, and it's not the federal governments fault for that, it's the Quebec governments fault. Likewise, it's not Trumps fault that New York is hit so hard, it's the New York governments fault (And partly just because of the super high density).

The equivalent would be like European countries blaming the EU because they didn't order enough medical supplies, the EU isn't involved in countries medical systems, and the federal government isn't involved in state medical systems. The US had tons of warning, everyone saw what China went through and the measures they had to take, welding people inside their buildings, building a hospital in three days, etc. These all happened long before shutdowns and everything else. Countries and states had plenty of time to order medical supplies. There was even a story about the province of Alberta in Canada that ordered so many medical supplies they were able to give extra stuff away to other harder hit provinces. The more local you go, the more power the government has over peoples every day lives, and yet, everyone seems to think the federal government in the most important. Local corruption and local mismanagement has 100x the impact on the average person than which color of tie the leader of the country wears.

Now, Trump saying that he'll take actions against states that don't open up, that is completely unacceptable. States have the right and obligation to determine for themselves what is reasonable, just like EU countries.>And what proof do you want? You think theyre just gonna admit it if they were?

I'd like more proof than you've provided which is:

1. A pile of bricks that could have been placed by anyone, including Antifa, known for enjoying riots and shit disturbing or any other group of people who want to break shit. **What proof is there that police put those bricks there?** None.

2. A dead link to a twitter post

3. A video of a person wearing black where you can't see their face breaking windows of a building. The "proof" on this one is an ex-wife of a random cop who claims that she can totally tell it's him, even though all you can see is literally his eyes behind the gas mask. She also says that's definitely her gloves and respirator... 1. A bitter ex-wife has a lot of reasons to paint a target on her ex-husbands back. 2. Why would he have her gloves and respirator? And why would that even be valid proof? These items are completely common and purchasable literally anywhere in massive bulk quantities.

"He walks like a cop". That's not a thing. "He acts like a cop". Also not a thing. 

There's plenty of people who just like to stir up shit and vandalize things. I prefer to not start lynch mobs against random people for crimes they might have committed with 0 proof, but I get that Reddit loves extra judicial violence when it's for things they agree with.

The article is total conjecture. 

*"However, several videos of a highly suspicious man wearing a gas mask and carrying a hammer, paint an ominous picture of potential agent provocateurs stoking the rioting among the protesters."* - No proof that he's a cop. Also, if all it takes for your to start stealing shit is for a window to be broken, you're probably an asshole. If I was protesting and I saw someone start breaking shit, I wouldn't be like "Well I was peaceful before, but now that the door is open, time to get some free shit!"

*"Whomever this person was, the results of his actions by smashing the windows at Autozone were that of an agent provocateur."* - Stated again with no proof. His actions weren't necessarily to "provoke others", he may simply have wanted to break shit for his own amusement. There doesn't need to be an agenda behind someones inane actions.

They even edited the article to say: *"Never did we claim the man was a cop or anything else."* - And yet they very clearly do... They also promote a bunch of Twitter posts that are just random people with no knowledge stating that it's "definitely a cop", again with no proof.

**THERE IS NO PROOF THAT IT IS HIM. LITERALLY NO PROOF. YOU CAN'T JUST DECIDE IT IS BECAUSE IT MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER AND FITS YOUR NARRATIVE.** This random cop is going to be harassed for the rest of his life and maybe even assaulted or worse because of random internet people deciding that he's an asshole. Remember when Reddit "Found the Boston bomber". I do. Fucking embarrassing.

>Sounds more like you're trying to push a narrative with no proof, when it's far more likely that some people just like breaking and stealing shit and are taking advantage of the situation to do so.

The difference being that I'm not pointing a finger at a specific person saying "This dude posed as a protester to start the massive riots". Big fucking difference.

>What about the massive fuckin bailouts looted from taxpayers to multinationals (like target) who pay no tax? where were the cries against looting then?

What does this have to do with the protests? Target does pay taxes. They paid $746 million in taxes in 2019. Bailouts are loans, businesses pay them back over time. If we didn't bailout businesses, we'd be in an even bigger issue than we are right now. If bailouts were free money, why would a company like Boeing not want to take bailout money (The government was going to take shares of the company as a "collateral" of sorts).

>what about the 3/4ths of the corona virus bailout going to the same corporations and the super rich?

Bailouts are based on the amount of money that a business has. Again, they are not free money. Perhaps you should do some research.

>Who pays for that? Minimum wage workers, like the ones stealing tellies from target, so no, when literally billions has just been looted, its going to be the taxpeayers who repay the debt

No they won't be. The bailouts are a loan. Taxpayers WILL be charged for all the free money citizens got however, that money was not a loan, unlike the bailouts. So yes, you're right, people who have jobs and didn't get their free $1200 will be paying increased taxes for everyone else who did get the money and didn't have a job. I think you'd argue that's reasonable though, seeing as how this is just an extension of social programs, which presumable you support.

>edit: hell fuck all that off, how about the press thats been arrested and shot with pepper balls, literally cops impinging on your right to free press and pointing guns at protesters with their hands up

Yup, arresting press is bad. That's true. I see one cop pointing a gun for about 5 seconds. Not great. However, it doesn't seem to be like it's a common theme... But that doesn't matter to you, because to you, those other cops around him should have arrested him for pointing his gun, even though most of them very likely didn't even see it, what with their helmets on.

Edit: Fixed some spelling stuffThe reason it matters is because: Say a country was hitting their peak right now as other countries have already taper off. They would be "the highest death rate", but if you look at the total deaths per-capita, it could be way lower. You can't compare the peak of one country to the trough of another.

The curves don't all start at the same date, but they all share a similar pattern of up and down, hence, where each country is during their timeline has a big impact on how their current 7-day average of deaths related.

And no, the US isn't responsible for starting their curve later than the rest of the world, that's the point. Every country is impacted by this, the US shouldn't be expected to somehow be magically immune to it. The way the constitution and government works in the US also makes it difficult to put in place necessary steps to reduce the spread. Americans love the freedoms they have, but those same freedoms become a problem when authoritarian measures are the most effective means of controlling things like this.>I'm implying that there are a significant number of rioters who don't really have a leg in the actual Floyd/police protest

White people can care about racial issues too...

>hence the running away from teargas instead of developing defense and fighting back

Running away from teargas doesn't mean you aren't a "real" protester. You're gatekeeping protesting? Really? If I was protesting on the streets, I'd fucking run away if cops started shooting tear gas, because I'm not a violent person and I wouldn't want to be involved in a violent or aggressive protest.No one said anything about morality. Most soldiers don't like shooting people, but they do because it's their job and it's "for the greater good".

Defending Whitehouse staff members from probably being killed by an angry mob is "for the greater good", even if that means killing "innocent" people (Again, if you're attacking the Whitehouse, you are no longer innocent).Read the article and then tell me it's not related. "No true ~~Scotsman~~ protester would do such a thing".

If someone goes up to guards preventing protesters from entering a government building and shoots them, that's protest related. It's not like the gunman had any other reason or motive to do it. There's no proof either way right now, but come on, be realistic here.I don't see how the police can say it's not related. Unless they know who did it and know their reason for it, it's awfully suspect that the two guards were standing guard at the door preventing people from entering the building (the article states there was a protest at the building) and then someone comes up and shoots two of the guards.

Again, maybe the police know something that isn't stated, but from the facts laid out in the article nothing suggests it's not related to the protests. No one randomly drives up and kills two guards during a protest, come on...Minnesota takes no blame in this? The Minneapolis police department, who ignored dozens of complaints about this particular officer takes no blame in this? Every single elected leader all the way up the chain in this event is a Democrat with the exception of Trump. The issues in this police department didn't pop up in 2016, it's existed for decades, you can't blame Trumps 4 year term on every issue that there is and ever has been, don't be ridiculous.If you read the linked article, no one followed up on the story because there was no proof and every media organization that looked into it came away confused and unsure whether the person accusing him was even real. Also, the two people who came to the media with the story were two politically involved people with a high probability of having a hidden agenda.You seem to be under the impression that it's only "Young white males" that are looting... That's simply not true and I don't really understand the narrative you're trying to push.

We can support the protesters (both white and minorities) and condemn the actions of looters (both white and minorities). You don't need to pretend there are only white looters, minorities can be assholes too and pretending they can't be is disingenuous.

Pretending that locals won't break shit and steal shit from local businesses is also ridiculous. It's been shown countless times throughout history that some people just like breaking shit. Literally mob mentality.Unless I'm missing something, none of those links show proof that those are police...?  They say "suspected" of being cops. One of them is just some dude breaking glass and then someone says "are you a cop?" and that means that it is?

Sounds more like you're trying to push a narrative with no proof, when it's far more likely that some people just like breaking and stealing shit and are taking advantage of the situation to do so.[Why would you just lie? ](https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/daily-covid-deaths-per-million-7-day-average?country=BEL+BRA+CAN+DNK+FIN+FRA+DEU+ITA+NLD+ESP+SWE+CHE+GBR+USA)

The US is not leading in per capita death rates. The US rate is decreasing, along with many other countries in the EU as well.

When one is dropping faster than the other, but one started their cycle earlier, it doesn't mean a whole lot.

If you want to know how countries compare, you need to take the area under these per-capita death rate curves once it's all over, not look at individual time steps.Because that doesn't make the news? No one cares about a story like that, not really.

Theres two possibilities:

1. The department supports officers calling out bad behavior. Likely it happens all the time, so they don't really report it, they just praise the officer who did and move on, because it's an internal issue that was fixed.

2. The department doesn't support officers calling out bad behavior. Likely it rarely happens because officers know it'll negatively impact their career. It's swept under the rug if it's a small enough issue. If it's a big issue, like this, it becomes national news.

No media group is going to pick up an article about "Cop sees other cop harassing a black man, calling him racial slurs, stops him" because that's much less interesting than murder.[Trump gave a statement yesterday](https://twitter.com/WhiteHouse/status/1266478323556921344?s=20), just so you know.

Personally, I think the speech was surprisingly good. Haven't seen much about it.

Nothing he says defends the police or is even against the protesters. Only thing negative he says is that he doesn't support the rioters, which I don't think is a particularly controversial stance...No offense, but your risk of dying in a car crash is way way way higher than dying from police, and people drive every day. The same applies to all genders/gender identity, age, race, socioeconomic class, and sexual orientation.

There are problems with some police forces, but thinking that the average person is actually at risk is just ridiculous. The media presents on these stories because they are noteworthy.None of what you said addresses the salient point:

What is Alberta's future?

I'll tell you. Alberta's future is what Southern Saskatchewan's current existence is. Farming. 

Edmonton and Calgary will never be major tech hubs. There's no reason to live or work in either city without the money draw of the oil and gas industry. There are nicer places to live that have bigger tech industries already.

Edmonton and Calgary will not be "Green energy" hubs. If green energy production becomes so cheap and easy, no one will be buying energy from anyone else. Why would they? They can produce all they need themselves. Even if there were some people purchasing energy, there will be way more competition for selling said energy (Again, based on your stated assumption that green energy will be essentially free).

There is no future outside the oil and gas industry for Alberta. Farming is not a high profit industry and it doesn't support tons of people. There is no reason to "transition the economy" because nothing Alberta transitions to will matter. Edmonton is a frozen shithole 9 months of the year and only exists because of the oil and gas industry. Calgary is in the middle of nowhere and will become Regina/Saskatoon 2.0. Fort Mac is out for obvious reasons. Lethbridge will probably stay the same because a lot of the surrounding area is farming based already.

The best course of action for Alberta is to keep pumping out oil while it's profitable, and when it's not and never going to be again, stop production, wipe their hands, and tell everyone to go seek other opportunities. People who prospered under the high oil prices hopefully saved money and can either retire or get a different job. If they didn't, sucks for them, and sucks for the rest of Canada who has to support them now, but that's not the fault of the Alberta government, because it was a reality that everyone should have seen coming and knew nothing could be done about it.

As a young Albertan working as an engineer, my work is closely tied to the oil and gas industry, even if my job isn't directly within it. My company prospers because of projects it has within the oil and gas industry and it's other clients are wealthier as a result of the oil and gas industry. When it collapses, Alberta will collapse as well and I will likely need to move. It's a reality that I've accepted and it's something other people will need to come to terms with as well.

Draining a province of it's resources and leaving when it's no longer profitable isn't "gross" or "negligent". We don't live in Nunavut because there's not much reason to, the fact that we lived somewhere and left doesn't make it worse than if we had never lived there at all.Alberta has a great education system. They were second in Canada before Ontario recently surpassed them. Claiming that Alberta's problem is education is ridiculous. People support oil and gas because oil and gas leads to a lot of money... That's literally all there is to it. There are certainly "morons" in the oil patch, but that's in part because: 

1. It draws people from outside the province.

2. It's an "easy" job that often doesn't require much education, but pays well.

People who are "morons" will move to these oil towns, work in the oil field, and want to defend the industry because it's their job, it provides a life they wouldn't otherwise be able to afford, because they are uneducated and not able to get a better paying job.

You can argue that these people are dumb, but they are just people who want to make money and want to keep their job. I'm sure many are aware in some respect that they are working with a dirty product, coal miners knew that their job was dirty, they didn't need scientists to tell them coal smoke choked out the air, and oil and gas workers can see the same. Many choose to downplay it or ignore it because, surprise surprise, they care more about having a job and providing for their family.

Don't trash on the people who work there, or even the people who live in Alberta because they are working in an industry that provides the best money most people can get. They aren't obligated to make a moral decision about their job, a job is a financial decision.Passing a proficiency test, even at the highest level, doesn't mean much of anything. You can pass the English proficiency tests with excellent scores and still not know many relatively common words. You may even be classified as "fluent", but certainly nowhere near a native speaker with a large vocabulary.

I have foreign friends who I would say are fluent English speakers and are in professional positions, but they will occasionally be confused about words I use and require me to explain them, and they are words 95% of English born people in their position would know.>There are quite a lot of photos you might take that you can get sued for posting them online, revenge and child porn as an easy example.

Those are terrible examples... Obviously you can't post child porn... That's illegal no matter what. What are examples of other photos you can't legally post that would otherwise be legal? Nothing.

You can legally take a photo of a child in a public park and post it online without permission. You shouldn't do that, because it's definitely creepy, but you can.Ok... So why don't those people who get third party testing then go and tell everyone else in Flint that it's fine? Why is no one from the community telling people it's now fine after doing their own testing?

Continuing to spread misinformation because you refuse to believe everyone (Even if you have reasonable reason to do so) doesn't absolve you of guilt. Has @LittleMissFlint been actively researching and keeping up to date with third party water testing? Or does she just regularly post about how the water is still bad, with 0 evidence that it is?Not strictly true. I don't look at Reddit content related to Covid anymore because I'm tired of it, but about a month ago or so there was a video post showing people protesting against the lockdowns and there was a woman wearing a Bernie shirt they talked to who specifically said she might not agree with the other people there on every issue, but she was opposed to the lockdowns as well.

The "extreme" left also typically includes hippies who don't believe in modern medicine and think that herbs and alternative medicine will protect them.

There's anti-science people everywhere, political ideologies are a hodge podge, and assigning beliefs to someone based on which party they support is essentially next to useless.Is there a hiring discrepancy based on total number of viable candidates? 

Working at Google is pretty prestigious, there's a lot of men and women that wouldn't be able to get a job there, there's also considerably less women in computer science and even less in graduate levels in computer science. If you have a source that shows that say, 10% of viable candidates for a position at Google are women and <10% of women are hired, then you'll have a good argument there.I could see why they might want to disable exporting of raw data. Data can be misused **VERY** easily. People with a bone to pick against the Florida government could easily take the raw data and show something that isn't true from the data. By restricting access to interpretation to themselves, they can present the data accurately (Assuming they aren't manipulating it themselves, which they very well might be).

Personally, I'm skeptical of pointing fingers at anyone until the story comes out, because currently there isn't a whole lot of info about what exactly she was asked to do

Edit:

/u/debateg posted this:

>Reporting on this is super confusing and not very good. The [Tampa Bay Times](https://www.tampabay.com/news/health/2020/05/19/florida-health-department-officials-told-manager-to-delete-coronavirus-data-before-reassigning-her-emails-show/) has a much better article, and it's a lot more damning. On May 4, the Miami Herald called the department to make a statement about their upcoming story that the virus was circulating in the community in January, months before Florida announced its first case. This story was published on May 5. However, on the evening of May 4, they [stripped the relevant piece of data](https://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/20200505/coronavirus-florida-patients-in-florida-had-symptoms-as-early-as-january) from their website. The Tampa Bay Times began asking for that missing data, and Jones was asked to disable exporting of the data, she barely pushed back, but ultimately complied. They then told her to re-enable it which she did, and the data re-appeared. They then stripped her office of the ability to manage the dashboard and ultimately fired her around 2 weeks later over that time, the data in the dashboard was [increasingly restricted](https://cbs12.com/news/local/woman-who-designed-floridas-covid-19-dashboard-has-been-removed-from-her-position) and data was disappearing.

>So, essentially, she put data on the dashboard that showed Florida had cases earlier than they had reported, a newpaper picked up on it and published it, they selectively deleted that data and asked her to turn off access to the data which she pushed back on, and they re-posted the data once reporters began asking where it went. They then stripped her department from running the dashboard, fired her, and then began deleting more data and restricting access to the database.

>I guarantee you that multiple newspapers have made public record requests to get all of their e-mails, and the story will probably get a lot more damning once they get them.

The data manipulation is apparently related to them trying to hide that Covid was circulating before they announced the first case. It's certainly possible that the data they had that showed Covid in the community prior to their first recorded case were added **after** they announced it. Someone can be sick, be admitted, but not be tested, then get tested later, and when it's proven they had it, it would be stated they had it when they were admitted, not when they were tested, hence suggesting they "knew" someone had Covid before they identified their first case.

Edit 2: Looking further into that article I realize that's all bogus. They say "A 4-year-old Duval County girl **started feeling symptoms or had her first positive test** on Jan. 1. The state did not officially record her case until April 8."

Showing symptoms doesn't mean anything without a test. If they counted anyone that had Covid-like symptoms as being positive, it would be argued that Florida had Covid before China did...This will be buried, and in 2 month there will be another post about Flints water.

Someone will say "Any amount of lead in the water is too much" and "Doctors say that lead should be 0 ppm"

And all the water treatment engineers look on, shake their heads and leave the thread, because we know that you can never have 0 of anything. We find cocaine and heroin in the water. Doctors would say there shouldn't be any heroin in the water too...

As far as I'm aware, Flints water is now within the federally accepted levels and is better than it was before all of this began, but people will continue to milk this, including @Littlemissflint for decades...Serious question: Is someone misogynistic for beating their partner? There is a difference between someone who is abusive to a partner and someone who is abusive because their partner is a woman.

The article suggests that his actions were because he was misogynistic, but then doesn't really back up that claim besides the fact he was abusive. 

If someones mother is abusive towards them, and they happen to be male, it doesn't mean their mother is misandristic.> Another user here also mentioned his victims were primarily female, and started with his spouse

13 of the 22 victims were female, that's not a significant enough of a margin to provide evidence. It's also not surprising it would start with his spouse? She would be around him and clearly he was abusive towards her. One of the women was also the RCMP officer he came across, so he would have killed them whether they were male or female (hence shouldn't be included is this comparison, not that the raw numbers prove anything one way or the other).

>He visited the houses of women he knew to kill them

He visited the homes of men he knew to kill them as well.

>He either sought out the women in their homes, killed them in their cars, or shot them on the street while they were out walking/jogging. Conversely, he killed men who were present with the women he was hunting and men who came to help upon sensing something wrong.

This is not proven. He killed people he came across. There's no evidence he bypassed men that he came across. He killed both men and women in the traffic stops.

There's no evidence to support a narrative that this was targeted at women and I don't understand the reasoning behind trying to push this narrative. Are people just desperately looking for a reason for him to do this and latching onto something that "makes sense", even if it's not realistic? I'll tell you the reason: He was a psychopath who finally broke.Yup. 

Mosin's with LPS Gzh:  Because it can one tap any armor that people will reasonably have (since above class 4 will be exceptionally rare).

Level 2 armor: Because you can't afford anything better, it's good enough against scavs, and you'll get one tapped by other Mosin's anyways.

That disincentivizes PvP because: You loot nothing of value from them because everyone is running the above build and you can't sell the items you loot off somebody for any value anyways.

The only reason to PvP after this will be to loot the shit they've looted/found in raid. It blows all the risk reward balance out of wack, making the risk higher and the reward lower. BSG doesn't like people to PvP though, so it's not surprising.

I expect that people will be running way more scav runs, looting caches and making sure to extract, just to get a weapon, solely because everything will be too expensive. Combine that with the **absolute need** to do quests on your PMC to be viable and it all equates to the game becoming way more grindy. 

Or you be really good, slaughter everyone with a shitty AK you got off a scav, climb super fast to class 6 armor and become invulnerable to everyone. This patch just further separates the high skilled players from the rest of the players in a game that is already arguable too heavy in this regard.Nuclear was nowhere in Bernies Green New Deal. Green parties around the world actively work against nuclear energy. I think it's pretty safe to say that there's a non-insignificant amount of liberals who don't like nuclear.

Now, I wouldn't care to wager which "side" dislikes nuclear more, all I'm saying is that there are plenty of liberals who dislike it.As a geotechnical engineer, nuclear waste facilities are super deep underground, they also build them in "massive" rock formations, meaning that the rock is a single mass, no cracks or fissures that allow liquids (or nuclear waste) to seep out of the facility, even if there was an issue. They also have tons of procedures in place to prevent leekage and emergency procedures, etc. 

It's really not that irresponsible, they are burying them deeper than anything lives. It's like if you dug a whole to the center of the earth and dumped garbage down there. It's not polluting anything because it can't go anywhere. Or like shooting garbage into the sun, it might sound bad, but if you think about it, it really doesn't matter.So it's produces 1/10th of the power for 1/10 - 1/30th of the cost, ok, but the panels need to be replaced every 10 years, so after 30 years, the cost is basically equalled out... But you also produce less energy...

Nevada has tons of high tech long term nuclear storage facilities. There's also lots of work being done to "recycle" nuclear waste, and in 30 years, if we actually funded the nuclear industry and didn't fear monger it, we might actually figure out how to reuse a lot of it.The price of uranium is not the expensive part of a nuclear reactor, and the price to maintain a reactor is way cheaper. Solar farms basically need to be replaced entirely every 10 years.

Solar is a joke, wind is a joke, but the option that's actually smart everyone is too afraid of because of an accident that occurred in a 2nd world country 34 years ago.>The accounts are geotagged to a foreign location

Not possible on Reddit

>The accounts are fresh

Common on Reddit when accounts that post on conservative subreddits are auto-banned on other subreddits, or people are harassed in comments because of a subreddit they posted on, or people are auto-tagged because of a subreddit they post on...

>You can reverse image search their profile picture and find the source on another site

No one on Reddit has profile pictures (Ok, new Reddit does, but no one uses that shit). Also, their picture existing elsewhere doesn't mean they aren't also the person that put that picture up.

>They only ever make political posts/comments

There's plenty of people on reddit who only care about politics and are only here for the political content. While I do post on other subreddits occasionally, I'd wager 95% of my comments are politics related. I see plenty of people who only discuss politics and nothing else. 

>They use clearly slanted talking points that oust them as trolls

Yeah.. No... That's just what the other guy said. You think they're trolling because they are disagreeing with you. Almost every political post on Reddit is painfully left wing biased, if you don't think that, it's because you share the same bias. Just because someone is biased or says something you don't like doesn't mean they're a troll or a foreign actor. They probably think the exact same thing about you.

If those are the **obvious** examples, then your ability to detect foreign actors on Reddit is complete trash. You also have no way of verifying your own assumptions about someone.While I agree with the sentiment, realistically, in every relationship, one person cares more about the other person. No one would quantify how much two married people care about each other, but if they got divorced, one person would move on faster than the other, for example. 

I think the key to a relationship is understanding how the other person feels and what they see the future being. If both people are happy with the future the other sees, and they are happy themselves, then it's fine.That comic is sort of unfair... There's plenty of people with well off parents who don't get their kids an internship, which is probably the biggest stepping stone of everything in that comic.

The "expectations" part is also bullshit, because your parents aren't well off they'll be happy about you getting a B+? That has more to do with your parents own personal opinion of the value of education than anything else. Plenty of poor Asian families will push their children very hard to get good grades, for example.

The "Home environment" where one is all happy and bright and the other is dark and scary is bizarre. Even poor people can afford lights and shit.

The only legitimate thing on that list that is a difference between poor and rich people is the education system in their grade school. And it does make a big difference of course.

Don't let other people tell you that you only got where you are because of your parents money, that's bullshit. I'm sure lots of people who went to private school with you did nothing with their lives.How do those stats compare to other universities/colleges? The fact remains that, unfortunately, people who aren't as well off will usually have worse high school education, making them unable to be able to get into any university.

I don't think it's an issue of ivy leagues in particular, but the education system that comes before it. Areas with less wealth will be less desirable places for teachers to work, and will get worse teachers and worse education as a result.And there's lots of white people who are less privileged than this black kid, so why does that matter? Would there be an article about "White kid who grew up in a trailer park named valedictorian"? Probably not, even though that would realistically be bigger news. 

I understand that it's an interesting article, solely because you'd have thought it would have happened earlier, but other than that, this isn't really amazing news.>where it's not possible to get an A.

Yeah... No. Just because you couldn't do it, doesn't mean no one can. There are people who know way way more than you. I went to a pretty decent university and know someone who got straight 4.0s through all their engineering undergrad and grad courses.

There's people who are better at the material than the prof is, even while learning it, people who are legitimate geniuses.Forcing pvp, yes, but that's frustrating when you have expensive gear that you can't afford to lose. People will be doing "hatchling" runs with the worst items that they can find, no armor, bare minimum to defend against scavs. Found in raid items will be more expensive, and people will have less money overall, meaning that the reward of low-investment runs will be way higher. That discourages pvp because people don't want to get into a fight. There will be a lot more of "Seeing someone and not hunting them down".People will avoid pvp more than they used to. Every decision in Tarkov is weighing risk vs reward. "Do I go to resort for the good loot, or go to the smaller safer places and get less loot, but less risk of fighting someone really good?"

When you make gear more expensive, the risk of dying increases. When you make the loot you get from pvp less, the reward is lower. These work together to make pvp less encouraged. Currently, pvp can be the best way of making money period. People will pvp both for fun AND to make money, after the changes, that likely won't be the case.

And yes, some people pvp because it's fun, but people need to be able to AFFORD to pvp. If someone isn't really good, they currently might do a pvp oriented raid half the time, with the other raids more focused around looting, they might see someone and avoid them because of the risk.

After these changes, the armor and gun you are risking will be more expensive, and you'll be less likely to do those pvp oriented runs, partly because you can't afford it.To be fair, in the US, each state essentially had their own response procedure, so it's more like comparing individual countries when you compare individual states.

The federal government in the US let the states determine for themselves what the best approach would be. Which has positives and negatives. Measures that are necessary in New York likely would be different from measures necessary in Idaho or something.Those charts are misleading. [Look at the actual per-capita charts for Canda, US, and the UK](https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/daily-covid-deaths-per-million-7-day-average?country=CAN+GBR+USA).

The UK is significantly worse in all realistic measures than the US. Faster and higher per-capita peak.

Canada and Trudeau got lucky, they essentially followed what the US did, but were a week behind. The fact that they didn't get hit worse is essentially due to luck and lower population density.

As you said, the UK tried to do the herd immunity, they realized it wouldn't work, and suffered the consequences. Sweden is continuing on as though nothing is happening, and are doing reasonably well considering, likely due to healthier overall population.Exactly. I'm not American, but all the America bashing over this is simply stupid. [Compare the numbers, not how you feel...](https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/daily-covid-deaths-per-million-7-day-average?country=CAN+DNK+FIN+FRA+DEU+ITA+ESP+SWE+CHE+GBR+USA+AUT+IRL+SVN)

Realistically though, the US should be further broken down by state, because from what I've seen, the rates vary significantly by state (New York being a prime example). Then again, other countries would also benefit from breaking down by smaller sections, Canada would as well.Actually, just more Mosins. 

LPS Gzh one taps to chest on class 4 armor (And there will be way more people with worse armor, since shit will be harder to get). One bullet for one kill and a cheapish weapon to lose if you die. Why use anything else? Risk-reward for a Mosin is massive. You can even keep your ammo in secure container.

If you thought the amount of Mosins was bad before, oh boy...

And Vepr Hunters for the chads.>I see what they meant by this now, thank fuck we got clarification because before it was presented here on reddit as roles like Battlefield or something. Stupid and terrible idea for the game. I fully support this vision of the game, each weapon system should be different, each load out should be different so that you get used to them and are better at them than other people. This will also shine through in the skills. Just don't force anyone to do anything, let it happen naturally through possibility.

Did you miss this part???

>-Nikita hopes that people would find their own role in the world of EFT and stick to it

>My ideal image would be that people in EFT would eventually pick people in clans and battle groups by their skills. Not like "Ah, Vasili is a cool guy" or "Oh, this one has lots of moneys". Like this guy can pick locks, this one runs fast, that one trades well. I want it to be like that, so everyone would have their own role. And replayability would be huge.

Sounds to me like your original thought is what Nikita wants. He wants people to be a lockpick, or have special abilities. He wants to employ a "Take the skill, not the player", which is an objectively toxic thing for a game to have.

No matter how it's implemented, there will be meta skills that people have, and new players won't know what those are (Or worse yet, they'll change every wipe and no one will know, so you roll a dice on whether you have an advantage over others in an extremely high-risk game). EFT is not Path of Exile, taking a bad specialization in PoE means you don't clear maps as fast, but it's not a pvp game. In pvp games, people should at least be on reasonably level footing.

Not to mention solo players... You take a skill because it's best for your team of 4 you play with, but when you're solo, your role is objectively bad. Great. Now you're non-competitive, fun.

Imagine if there is a skill that allows you to be better at Factory for some reason (CQC fighter specialization or something). If you don't take that skill, you might as well not even play Factory, because you're starting out the match already at a disadvantage.>-Nikita dislikes people who try to get rich in a short amount of time after wipe.

>The economical system is pretty balanced, but because of certain people that are used to playing EFT differently and gaining advantage by using legit and prohibited methods, it's all coming apart. We don't want to see people racing each other for high value loot to become rich in a short amount of time. It's not right!

>You can say that it's life, that it happens. Damn, in our situation it's not the concept and gameplay that we wanted to implement. We want to make it harder, more complex. **We want you, the player, to decide**.

We want you to decide, except when it's something that we don't agree with.

>-Nikita wants each player to have a certain role in the game and not become the jack of all trades.

>We don't want you to become the master of all skills, **super trader,** super killer, a know it all. When I was designing the game I had vision in mind that each player going through the game cycle would have his own place in it. Like "I haven't completed all quests but I've become a pro at certain skills". The limitations are designed to not let people become superheroes, like they are used to in all games. People must find their calling, just like in real life.

What if I want to be a pro at trading stuff on the market? Why can't I be someone who knows a lot about how much items are worth, recognizes people underselling stuff on the market, and buys and relists it? Why is that being punished? Simply because I have knowledge of the game? Other peoples knowledge of the game like "How much damage each bullet does" is the exact same, it's info not listed in game, info that someone needs to learn and research, and yet, that's acceptable.

>- Nikita hopes that people would find their own role in the world of EFT and stick to it

>My ideal image would be that people in EFT would eventually pick people in clans and battle groups by their skills. Not like "Ah, Vasili is a cool guy" or "Oh, this one has lots of moneys". Like this guy can pick locks, this one runs fast, that one trades well. I want it to be like that, so everyone would have their own role. And replayability would be huge.

And he thinks this won't result in a meta forming? Nikita hates metas so much, and yet seems to want to push people into his own versions of a meta. He had this idea before of people choosing a specialization that was essentially a pack mule. How would that even fit into his version of the game? How would that even be fun? The whole reason you need people to be a jack of all trades is because you need everyone to be viable. Imagine as a new player you choose a role that is objectively garbage, and now you're stuck with a crap skill until next wipe? Great.

Also, he wants people to "Take the skill, not the player"??? Why in gods name would you want alienation like that? Other games have specifically moved away from this (World of Warcraft comes to mind) specifically because this logic is toxic.So basically there will people who choose at the start of a wipe to be CQC classes and they just play Factory, and everyone else who didn't choose that class just doesn't get to be on a level playing field, and since dying in this game is so punishing, they just don't play Factory?

That doesn't sound like it makes for a good pvp or game experience... For all of Nikita's talk about hating meta, he sure likes to enforce his own meta.>The devs just need to change it one wipe and then ignore all conversation around it for a while.

And then what? If you chop someones arm off, and then come back a year later and observe them from a distance, they aren't going to be actively complaining about their missing arm, doesn't mean they don't mind not having an arm, they've just accepted it as something that is their new reality.

Or monitor to see how many people stop playing? Great strategy for a blossoming game.First of all, /r/science is not the place to be discussing this. Second of all, a minority of people from the Republican party believe those things (Also a minority from the Democratic party, wow!) 

[Republicans under 40 believe in climate change just as much as Democrats. ](https://grist.org/article/on-climate-change-younger-republicans-now-sound-like-democrats/)

People aren't protesting for the spread of Covid-19, twisting words is stupid. People are protesting against measures put in place to prevent the spread that they think are unnecessary... We both recognize the difference, but you think you're being clever by pretending that they are advocating for spreading the virus when really it's just a dumb statement. **Also**, there are videos showing protestors wearing Bernie shirts, so it's really not just Republicans, it's just morons from any side.

Grow up.I don't know why you're being downvoted. People can disagree with your interpretation of the words, but you're providing a valuable translation here, and I thank you for that. 

The rest of the top comments provide nothing related to the article, simply stating their dissatisfaction with China, which mostly everyone on reddit already agrees with. Most comments could be copy pasted from any other China related thread or simply bot generated content and no one would know the difference.Why does everyone keep putting "accidentally" in quotations. He was clearly going the same direction as the other dude before they got in the accident, why is it so confusing that they'd still be going the same way after? It's not like after he hit the dude he's suddenly going to remember he left his sandwich at home.

Why did the guy he shot get out of his car in the first place? He wanted to shake hands with the guy? He was clearly confrontational, and everyone is just ignoring this...He's going somewhere on a road. He's taking the route that takes him to where he was going? How is this complicated? If I hit someone, yes I'm going to keep going whatever direction I was going before I hit them because I'm not weird.

The fact that the dude he hit got out of his car and walked up to threaten him afterwards is ridiculous, if he hadn't gotten out of his car to threaten the guy he'd almost certainly be alive.His story is not that fishy honestly...

He lives in an area with very few people. He's driving somewhere on a road, he gets in an accident with someone going the same direction as him. They get out, the other guy is mad that he hit him, getting up in his face, his friends start escalating, he tells them to just leave, the other guy tells him not to fuck with him because he's in a gang.

They all drive off, he is of course still behind the other guy because he's still driving to wherever he was going before. They could be the only few cars on the road. Other guy gets mad thinking he's following him, pulls over, gets out of his car and starts walking towards him. He said he was boxed in, so couldn't drive away, and he said the other guy was acting like he was reaching for a weapon.

The story is completely plausible. I would feel threatened if the person who I got in an accident with a few minutes ago decided to get out of their car and storm towards me. Now, I wouldn't shoot them, because I don't have a gun or live somewhere that people do, but I would certainly feel threatened.

I wouldn't have waited 2 minutes after the other person left, I would definitely just drive behind them. In 99% of cases it wouldn't turn into anything. Why the other guy decided to get out of his car to confront him is beyond me...>Do you think the protests would have gone better had the civilians not needed to resort to home made crossbows?

Jesus Christ... Do you actually think this???

How would a small group of people defend themselves against the Chinese army? China would have fucking flattened all of them in tanks. Quite literally, they've done it before.

>Surely you heard of the students that holed up inside their University for several weeks, holding off CCP Police from black bagging them and dumping them in a river?

Don't really see your point here? If those students would have been shooting at them, the army would have just rolled in, knocked down the building or just burst in and killed all of them.

>An unarmed populace is a controlled populace.

An armed populace standing against China is a dead populace...That is not a very good analogy... There are lots of studies that show people are more likely to kill themselves with their "self defense" gun than an intruder, etc. So no, actually it's statistically not better to have them than to not. And before you say "Well I'm a responsible gun owner", yeah, everyone says that, great.

Seriously think about this: Have you ever had to use your gun in self defense? How many people do you know have had to use a gun in self defense? Could these situations have been prevented long before it escalated to a point where you'd need a gun? Yeah, you can stop a lot of arguments by blasting the other dudes head off, doesn't mean that was your only option...

I have never once in my entire life felt the need to even defend myself to a point where I wished I had **any** sort of weapon. It's just something so ridiculously uncommon that claiming a gun is useful or required for self defense is practically lying.

I don't honestly care if people want to have a gun for target practice, I can see the fun in shooting at targets, whatever. But I honestly think guns have no right to be distributed to people outside of very specific circumstances.

Most Canadians would agree (And a recent article posted on Reddit yesterday polling Canadians on this shows most people agree with me).Thank you for your well written comment. These are all great points, and something that gun people don't want to hear.

You CAN tell when a gun is designed for hunting and when it's not.

An uzi is not a hunting gun, an mp5 is not a hunting gun, and an AR-15 is not a hunting gun.

When a gun is designed to appeal to non-military people who want to pretend they're a soldier with an M4, it's a pretty good indication of what the real reason behind the gun is.

And to all the Americans crying the comments, a lot of Canadians support legislation like this. The gun culture in Canada is a fraction of the US.To be fair, that picture isn't showing the mini with a high capacity mag in it. It would be a better comparison.

The other issue is that there's an argument to be made that people who think they're bad asses are more likely to have an AR-15 over a Mini. They might be equally powerful, but the owners of them likely don't have the same predisposition.

It's like a Subaru STI driver versus a AMG Mercedes. Both care are probably equally powerful, but the people who drive them are different (stereotypes abound).To be fair, not knowing the terminology doesn't mean you can't make a decision on what is safe.

To a politician, the killing potential is all that matters, they don't care whether you call it a clip or a magazine, how the mechanism in the gun works, etc. They care about how deadly the gun can be. And there's no doubt that a magazine fed gun is more dangerous than say, a bolt action rifle.They could, and the price of those items would settle to be somewhere between the trader sold price and the trader purchase price of each item. You can see this in all items that are sold by level 1 traders.

I personally think this would be a perfectly fine change, but BSG wants people who have grinded out the traders to have access to more exclusive items. I always thought it was the intention that noobs could get the same gear, but at a markup from the flea, and that was the incentive to grind out the traders. I guess they don't see it that way.These changes hurt anyone who don't want to grind out the quests. There's plenty of people who don't do any of the quests and farm money in raid and buy gear they want from the flea market (I am one of these people).

The quests in this game are bad (almost objectively). I don't want to be forced to do them in order to buy anything better than class 2 armor or PRS ammo.

These changes will also lead to more hatchlings. Everyone will have less money, and hatchling runs to get an item in your secure container will be worth more to you as a percentage of the money you can make typically.

These changes won't reduce RMT. A hacker can fly through the map, loot a few graphics cards, die, sell them for what is a large amount of money (again, see above). Buy bitcoins or anything else that sells well to traders, and sell the bitcoins ingame.

This change is exclusively targeted at people flipping items on the flea market from traders, and directly hurts anyone who doesn't want to do the dumb quests.

Making money in tarkov has never been super hard, it was grindy. You could grind out and pay the steep prices of ammo retraders if you just tried a little bit. Now, the prices of that same ammo will be way higher and the only way to access it will be the quests... Great...Will prices decrease at all? Yes, you're getting rid of scalpers, but you're also getting rid of the ability to even purchase those items unless you have maxed out traders. 

What is better:

1. The ability to buy an item, albeit at a marked up price (supply available = found in raid and trader flipped)

2. The ability to buy an item, at an even higher marked up price (supply available = found in raid only)

The argument hinges on people who have maxed out the traders will be able to buy this loot at cheaper prices, while those who don't have the time to grind out the boring pointless quests won't have any access to the items. 

I fail to see how this change will lead to less markup. If the argument is simply one of pettiness where you're upset people buy out the trader items, then... Cool?My leg got blown off and I've fractured my femur, oh no worries, I've got this plastic splint, some scissors and shit, good to start sprinting on it again.

My stomach got fucking destroyed by a shotgun? Good thing I've got these little bandages here in this pouch, should be good to go now!

In real life, everyone would have like, 10 hp and getting hit by any bullet would mean you need to be carried out by a friend, that would be so stupidly dumb to have in a game. Realism is good to a point, but no one would want to play a completely realistic game.

If they don't want people to carry more than 60 kg, make that the weight limit...That doesn't make any sense... Yes, you can get BT ammo from reserve, ok. But no matter what, the supply on the market will decrease with these changes, the price will increase no matter what... Who cares if you can get 400 rounds on reserve, you can do that now PLUS get it from traders, so there is more supply under the current system.

Not to mention that without access to flipping from traders, more people will be keeping the ammo for themselves, not listing it, even if found in raid.> there are people who only play the flea market doing things like this, and they won't have any trouble gearing up for a sweaty run when they can afford the things on the Flea.

I do this all the time to make money. It's free money when you know the vendor price of a good.

But don't kid yourself, with this change, this will never happen again, the default will be to sell to vendors, and money will be scarce, people will check this every single time they go to sell something. The days of making money by taking attachments off a gun and relisting are over (Especially since you won't be able to relist it).

>These flea market changes are to prevent the prevalence of RMT

Yeah, what a fucking joke that will be. It prevents nothing. There's plenty of items that sell for lots of money to vendors. RMT's will just bring in bitcoins for people to sell to vendors. You can fit a lot of bitcoins in a SICC case...

>you're going to see a shift in playstyle away from taking your best gun that you have 20 copies of stored away, to maybe being more reserved, because with these changes fully kitted=more risky

You're going to see a shift in playstyle where PvP is a waste of time and too risky. There will be less reward for PvP, and the risk will be higher because the cost of ALL levels of gear and weapons will increase. Super skilled and rich players will bring in amazing gear, and everyone else will bring in shit gear, because the mid-tier gear can still get fucked by player scavs and can't really compete with the high tier gear anyways. It will be the death of mid tier gear being viable at all because the payoff is not worth the risk.

You'll also see a shift where everyone just uses the Mosin because it's what you can buy. And more hatchlings because money is hard to come by and everything on the flea market is more expensive, so your only choice is to show some found in raid shit up your ass and die with it.

These changes will make the game even more "PvE ai killing and looting simulator". If that's what Nikita and everyone in the thread wants, then that's pretty fucking weird to me. I play PvP games to PvP. If I wanted a hard PvE game I'd play Darksouls.

>I think you're forgetting everyone starts at level 1, there is no level disparity so what's your point about EVERYONE using shitty ammo from Prapor and being on the same playing field?

Yeah, until they aren't. Until 1 week in where the players with endless free time have their invulnerability level gear and I need to use PRS ammo from Prapor and just hope to leg meta them? Or what about players joining later in the wipe? Everything will still be just as expensive on the flea market because the supply stays the same (Only what can be found in raids, not like there's more people finding stuff in raids later in the wipe).

The biggest thing about all of this is that there used to be two ways to get better gear:

1. Grind out the quests and buy gear from traders, supplementing from the flea if you didn't have a certain trader leveled up or wanted to buy higher end ammo you didn't yet have access to.

2. Grind out money some other way (Flipping stuff on the flea market, killing players and selling their stuff on flea, w/e).

After this change, only the first method will be possible. They're forcing people to do the shitty quests to be able to even play the game. What PvP, competitive game forces you to play a certain way in such a heavy handed, controlling manner? Why can't Nikita just let people play the game the way they want to? If you or other people enjoy running around with pistols and no armor, you can do that now with the current system. A lot of people don't want to play that way, and the response to people like you complaining about people having good armor and gear should be "Why don't you buy good armor and gear??", not "Let's make it so they don't have good armor and gear".Let's say a new player somehow manages to kill a juiced out guy, loots his M4/AK/VSS and class 5/6 armor and helmet.

Now what? He goes into raid and dies with it? Wouldn't it have made more sense to sell that good gear and have money to buy 20 raids worth of cheaper gear?

I don't know anyone who, when starting out, would use the fucking baller-ass gear they found, they knew fully well they'd die with it and get no use out of it. (Gear fear)

Gear fear can be fixed/bypassed by allowing people to sell their items on the market and buy more appropriate/longer lasting items.This so much. Nikita and other people seem so happy about telling people how they should play the game. Games that force you to play a certain way are fucking annoying. Let the players decide what is meta, let things fall into place as they are. Micro managing because people are enjoying pvp too much and you think that the game should be about scrounging in the mud with a pistol to find a morsel of ak ammo is fucking stupid.

What exactly is Nikitas problem with the way people are playing the game? Does Nikita play scav only with shit gear? Does he not like going into high end raids with good gear, fragging out and getting a bunch of loot from other players to sell on the flea market?>It's my reward to take their shit

Except now when you take their shit you can't sell it on the flea market, you have to sell it for pennies on the dollar to a trader...

Also, 1 out of 5 raids you can do that? And that's fun to you? I'd like a better fighting chance than 1 out of 5. If I'm able to make money before I'm able to have access to all the level 3 and 4 traders, I should be able to buy competitive gear.There won't be plenty of BT ammo on the flea market. How will there be? You can't sell stuff you buy from traders.

Why does everyone think that you can reduce the supply of ammo available to be sold (only found in raid or crafted) and for some reason there will be more available at a reasonable price?

If people need to craft ammo or find it in raid they will be selling it at an ungodly premium. PS ammo will be the only even halfway affordable ammo for a long time for most people.Why would prices drop down to vendor prices...? Do they currently with the way people buy items from vendors and put them up on the flea market? If they do, then what does all these changes accomplish?

The goal of this was to prevent people from marking up vendor sold items on the flea market, if your claim is true, that prices always drop down to the price of traders, than what does this change accomplish other than making that time period longer for prices to reach reasonable?

Also... This claim that the game "doesn't have to be easy" is fucking stupid... It doesn't have to be toxically hard either. The hard part of the game shouldn't be scrounging around with shit gear dodging the good players because you can't even injure them with your PRS ammo from prapor level 1 For 20 FUCKING LEVELS. These changes will alienate new players, which is something a game doesn't need when it's just getting off its feet.That just makes it even harder for people to earn money in a wipe that is looking to be already incredibly hard to earn money, alongside anything good being very expensive without having high level traders.

People are going to be doing hatchet runs regardless of how profitable it is, because they need to to be able to make money. This change will just make the game more grindy than ever.That doesn't address any of my points at all... Even your comment shows that it will make it harder for you. Now you can't even buy a weapon, you need to use a pistol to TRY to kill some geared player, and the only player who will use their gear will be way fucking better than you because gear fear will by 10x worse when you can't make money and can't buy halfway decent gear.

It doesn't matter though, because you don't actually want to play a PvP game, you want to play loot simulator on Scav runs, or get a kill with a pistol in 10% of your matches. This is a subjective opinion about whether the game will be better or worse with this, but this shit will reduce the player base, 100% guaranteed. The skill ceiling will be raised in an already fucked skill ceiling game.