A powerful conjuration power and regeneration.

Summon catgirls and rebuild the byzantine empire.

Conjure what i would need to rewrite aspects of the universe.

Create magical girls.

I will start a magical girl anime scenario and become the villain.

I should briefly gain the dominant position before underestimating friendship magic.

I then am rMany who build communities build them with free speech existing at the start. Only once theyve got the lions share do they then switch to the censor loving nuts. 

Animemes was the latest as they banned "traps" for being "transphobic." Traps in anime are characters made with the understanding they can catch out some people. Traps in anime are not tOne summons magical catgirls.

Plan

Find several that summon.

Find what links them.

Slowly work down a list of all similar ones.

Record what do and do not summon catgirls.

Summon an army of catgirls and overthrow several governments.

Summon sushi to celebrate.

Eat bad sushi and spend time in hospital.

Try to work on finding explosion magic.Be a blue check on twitter.

Tweet some pro-antifa, beat fascism with brown shirt tactics and whatnot, and say voting is racist.

"Have a "fan" of yours" give you details and retweet with a comment.

Cry if you are called out. 

If you are attacked online by moral people, change your pronouns and claim hate.

Win.

Bonus point if you have hate speeI dont know.

I used to say i dont and for economic and i hate other peoples kids reasons.

All i can say is i know one petty reason. That is along the lines of "I could raise a kid you could actually bring shopping and wouldnt piss off fellow customers." Basically id show them the basics of taking your kid out somewhere where they usually make nonEU4

Less than 24hrs since buying

I only played byzantium.

A few hours since starting my first iron man game.

Going for Basileus as one of my first achievements because byzantium boner.

Actually going pretty well.

Turks dropping dead.

Whilst islamic world is pissed i decide to unify the balkans 

Islamic coalition fires upon bosnia campaign cBad dragon anal night. What is this?

Your gf finally convinces you to use the bad dragon double dildo and it ruptures you whilst also getting stuck in both you and your gf.

You are bleeding out as the ambulance arrives and the two of you are rushed to hospital.

You fall off the gurney in the entrance and are seen by your 81yr old mother who was Summoning stuff when it ejaculates.

First summon catgirls.

Second summon a portal to the various fate universes.

Summon catgirl rin

Almost die by Rins nice thighs

Summon a demon lord

Now ive fucked up

Summon heroes from another world.

Summon button to change gender.

Summon magical girls button

Become cute magical girl.

Get lewded by inteBecome good friends

Talk about a lot of random things.

Show him the pirated anime ive got.

Show him a few shows i think he would like.

He shows his friends.

He watches too much anime and russia starts pushing back because all the higher ups are watching anime.

Show him a series that has no season 2 as berlin gets bombed.

Tell him there will Checked a UK gov page and its classed as a type of clothing. 

At least in my country, if we say all nude, they likely count.

It seems the faint bit of hope to not have young Billy urinate on the one clean seat of the bus was not to be. It seems id need a car to not have to stand on a damp floor or sit on the one dry edge of a damp seat because KaIf i can see the asteroid then i will grab a long pole and chant "Crimson-black blaze, king of myriad worlds, though I promulgate the laws of nature, I am the alias of destruction incarnate in accordance with the principles of all creation, let the hammer of eternity descend unto me! 

As its about to hit id yell one word.

"Explosion!"

Then fall Should the anthem be the senko-san op? (Answer: Yes)

Should opinions be banned? (Answer: redacted until the say no because im banning their opinions as the deciding party)

Why is "we should reform the byzantine empire" the only valid stance one can have on the issue? (The answers are only to be decided by myself, my successor, their successor, etI didnt want to buy one so i shop at supermarkets only at the times i know business to be slow. This is solely because i refuse to buy something i shouldnt need by just planning right. 

Its surprising how understanding people are when i simply ask for them to keep a distance.

As for the standard uk shops, hitting the right time is all i need to fMost my modded eu4/hoi4 games.

Either mods arent updated or saves are incompatible. Love it when my eu4 lux in tenebris game is going on 275yrs and ive revived byzantium only for the save to crash my game in the new update so i have to delete it and wait for the new lux update. Generic beyond typus isnt as interesting for me now and im also havingMove to japan. 

Live there a bit.

Have family.

See the state of censorship in the west.

When enough decent people have been censored, buy a gun.

Leave all money to wife/gf and kids.

Blow brains out on multi-platform livestreams in protest.

Never see world get any worse.

Get posthumous mild liveleaks fame.

Only difference is to current planWrite a story about it. 

If you can read it and nut to it then its likely a fetish. 

If you rewrite it then delete without nutting then its a preference.

If you rewrite and nut, you really like your fetish.

If you nut and delete, you are ashamed of it.

If you delete it when crying, daddy found the hidden folder and beat you again for disgustinGet my parents to invest in bitcoin for me as a birthday present and offer to split any profits 60:40 (to each parent on the profits their individual investment on my behalf earns) before it drops. Also giving the date it hits its height so we can sell at the right time. 

Also tell myself im destined to become weeb trash and to just get a dakimakuGiven i do not believe anyone is owed my organs without my expressed permission, i shall opt-out for a year and rejoin only following it.

My body is not something that exists in service to others. It is to myself first and only to whom i elect to offer a service upon. 

In principle i object. To act to a greater good is a personal choice and not oMyself and Trump.

Nuke anywhere that openly supports communism (including institutions).

Release UwU tiktoks.

Become God-Emperor.

Meet Trump-me as radiation sets in.

Ask for a small loan of $10,000,000.

Settle what happened by US promising to fund catgirls for domestic ownership.

Trump becomes God-Emperor.

Fake news media keep arguing if trBasil II of the Eastern Romans, alive and around the 980s. 

"Have a few kids. For the sake of Christendom have a few kids. If you wont have kids then choose a great military and admin guy of a decent age before 1025. If you dont then the empire will decline drastically from 1204 to 1453. And tell your heirs to guard the east like a caliphate is riI cannot take any obvious or not obvious hint.

Also struggle to believe any hint is not next level friendzone or a joke.

So its just try and hope you hit that 0.00000000000000000000000000000001% chance i actually recognize its not fake or just you being a good friend.

And then youd have to put up with my constant doubt anything is honest post-suI can alter the chance of something happening (as a percentage) but if i try to force something it will drastically impact me for a set time. 

I.e. i can open a box and in it may or may not be a catgirl. Say its currently its 0.000000000000000001%. I could increase it, maybe to 50%. But by going against the universe, if successful, i would be left"Im in talks with Japan and have told their great leader, not as great as me, that they can commit to Nekoforce or I will bring a level of fire and fury not felt for 75 years."

Then 

"People of America, after many conversations with my staff, I have decided to award the catgirls with South Japan once we clear away the disgusting acts committed thWhatever a merchant falls into.

Id break everything by setting up a gunpowder monopoly. 

Gain independence by supplying places with the magic powder and end up going a full 1204 on a once great empire.

Get drunk and smoke a cigar near a few barrels of my powder and leave a hole in the wall for the "once great empire" to enter to retake their lanIts not like you had a planned family film night and didnt know your brother was ill, the same time youre cold has affected your sense of smell. 

Its not like you started watching and asked him to put the popcorn on the table as you put the film on.

Its not like you started drinking and thinking about curry for food.

Its not like you reached to I had arguably the most bland years of browsing experience even though i once scared someone with a comment about it.

For the longest time it was a hacked webcam site.

Quit browsing a year ago because a chatroom set up by shitposters had a genuine link to someones collection on a site. One check later and this random link seemed to be advertisingAnd who decides what is fit for public viewing after the statues are gone? No, im serious on this. Who decides what is fit to stay up? 

Is a cross or a moon allowed to remain? They both partook in slavery and committed great attrocities against the people they ruled over.

What if a TERF feminist has a statue for what they did? Can a trans person Dont remove or destroy icons of any type.

Iconoclasm is the worst thing we can do for the memory of our history. Not knowing what someone once meant to their time and people (and the extent of their veneration) is horrific to any historian worth their weight. 

The destruction of icons and history places you on the level of isis. We do not destroyBegin my small project "Nekos: Catgirl Competition"

Go to a genetics lab.

Fire the nekopara op.

Montage making catgirls with several failures and almost quitting.

Cut to scene of me smiling with pleasure.

Walk into house with neko life partner.

Begin a war for the neko with elon-sama

Secure underdog victory and be celebrated across the worldInstall self as dictator for life in bloodless coup backed by the corporations.

Pay their most disloyal parts to join me.

Pay army to side with me.

Coup again to purge my opposition.

Undo all human testing laws.

Make catgirls for companionship.

Sell nukes to hong kong protestors.

Sell nukes to anyone fighting against the CCP.

Send myself toChance manipulation.

Get a box that can fit someone a few inches shorter than myself.

Close it with no way of entering or seeing inside.

Schrodingers_catgirl_for_domestic_companionship_or_something_like_url

Change percentage chance of catgirl being in there to 69%

Open until catgirl is present.

Live with catgirl companion in a wholesome life That guy who faked asexuality because some people were remotely into him.

That guy who hit a wall because he was sick of being asked by miss guy-a-day why he didnt like her

That guy who slowly convinced people he was somewhat unstable but could be alright mates if he wanted to be

That guy who teachers thought was a good and moral guy, but lied aYoutube forces 200k Fox News/CNN videos into autoplay after i watch 1 Tim Pool video.

Yes i fecking do. I just wanted to catch up on his content for that day. I dont want what Youtube thinks i want. If i want to watch some msm then i will. Stop trying to push me to your preferences. I wish youtube went back to recommending similar content (i.e. thIf this Brit can become US President then im just as able to use the US Armed Forces to coup myself into a dictatorship. 

Second thing would be China Regime Change.

Third would be fire the nukes.

Fourth would be drink and smoke as radiation eats away at me.

Fifth would be me hugging my less dead successor.

Sixth is die from nuclear war.

SevenI always plan the opening of my dream cinematic universe. 

Id just use my current favourite idea. 

All i can seem to call it is "existence binding"

Who i am can bind to an object or living being and through this two things can happen.

1. I can transfer all of myself into the object of binding and, if it can be controlled, dominate it.

2. I canI present the lifelong f u:

Befriend them,

Learn their most dark secrets

Make remarks and jokes about its general topic when theyre around

Stop and rebuild trust

Make friends with someone with an std you cannot get rid of. They have to be someone your friend would screw when they have had a drink minimum.

All get drunk.

Suggest 3-way

You usTook from another comment i made somewhere else. I probably could have worded this better by 99%. It should give a very basic idea. 

My opinion has always been this:

"If you resort to harming the livelihood of someone not involved in a crime, then you are no better then anyone who performed a role in it."

And:

"If a group or its supporter failsMy opinion has always been this:

"If you resort to harming the livelihood of someone not involved in a crime, then you are no better then anyone who performed a role in it."

And:

"If a group or its supporter fails to denounce violence on their side, all who fail will lose any credibility with me." If you are against violence and the wrongful harurl cannot control content unless specifically illegal. No banning/shadow banning/censoring ideas. Basically you have to be a publisher to fo this.

1.a. No switching from platform to publisher once you grow large enough to be recognised.

1.b. New users cannot have what the platform deems acceptable as the promoted first choices. The platforms shoAny that claim progressive values and bow to china.

Be honest if you are CCP pleasing untermensch. Dont say your for things you will easily back off on to take money from the greatest evil of the 21st century. 

Live by the principles you preach to your free people or dont preach them. Xi the Pooh deserves only to be one of many of the CCP supportAble to bind to and then enter/occupy and control a person/object/creature.

Flight is covered by binding and entering birds.

Immortality by binding and escaping into hard to destroy objects.

Can choose when i want to go as long as people dont find at least one thing im bound to.

Would just use it to observer mode humanity and live various lifesMy optimistic extinction idea goes as followed

1. Ascend to a cyborg species.

2. Upload consciousness to a massive system of individual utopia worlds.

3. We download into robots to briefly explore our universe and then return to our digital worlds.

We become beings of consciousness alone. Forms we take being only what mechanically made bodies wFirst cosplay was crossplay. It was Aqua from Konosuba.

I was good enough to make some older gents think i should be in the womens toilets. 

It worked with a few other people as long as i never spoke. 

Someones grandmother was really interested when i was on a train home. Was nice but initial questioning was awkward. 

For extra info, i had sporBind myself to things to hide/migrate myself within, can reform body if i want to. If living, i get a surface level of stuff, mostly understanding of language as long as im bound to them.

Bind and migrate body.

Refuse to reform my body for a few years and argue that its my right to "haunt" people using my body pillow if i want.

When not hiding mSeton Academy

Nekopara

Fate stay night and all other fate products

A series of WW2 speeches

A youtube series on how to make 1700s weapons

Military documentaries

Dankulas madlads

Videos on how to modify construction vehicles

Watch love live

Go full killdozer against idol detractors

Stream all of naruto and/or one piece as police and armed Enough private land in enough countries to reform the byzantine empire.

Buy nukes and Putins favourite tea addition.

Pay pope to declare me emperor of the west.

Pay to be declared emperor by the others of the pentarchy.

Buy haiga sophia.

Keep it neutral but host my coronation as a symbolic emperor.

Change name to Basil. Becoming Basil III.

BWish: Become a god.

Why:

1. Introduce magic to the world.

2. Add nekos.

3. Add access to a world of my creation.

4. Become an observer.

5. Occassionally enter from my dimension to see how the world is doing in person.

6. Reward some people with odd artifacts.

7. Create some challenges.

8. Observe some more.

9. Have an anime decade (some aAuthor.

Can write a 75k long book in a month when motivated, mostly with sleep only once every 4 days.

Was motivated once three years ago and learned i could do this. 

Self-published and took it down the same month because i hate all my creations.

Lost motivation.

Had completed 50% of its sequel as well. 

Ive had some motivation to try anotheHelp those who look in need/have little.

Im now someone who will try to come across as selfish in a positive way. I will not help unless you are active in trying to help yourself. If you have no personal responsibility i will not help you. If you cant help yourself then i might try what i can if i can offer something no one else currently can. 

IIm assuming only i can press.

Get very skinny.

Push.

Date very tall guys.

Call then onii-chan.

Go to japan.

Learn the words that come across as "last night was fun onii-chan. I was scared but you helped me a lot."

Run.

Turn male.

Whisper to my now ex (without him knowing) "onii-chan ecchi"

Turn to female self and chuckle. 

Become Imouto Star Wars VI. 

If you take out the sequel series and old canon and just examine it for what its worth.

After the celebrations they still would have to maintain a war for decades; with the galaxy wide power that has a surplus of resources and came to existence through a rather bloodless changing of government with its origins still in recent memorNo. If an individual has gained a "perfect life" and only lives by their efforts, there may come a time where they need something greater that is outside the basic circle they have.  

The adaptation to fit for greater need may cost them key time or capacity to perform their prior duties. With a desire for and attaining profit, the acquisition of aGod Magic (basically spectator mode with the ability to add dlc to the universe), but with some ways to be killed/lose it.

I would give my right eye, left leg and my right testicle.


Why:

Would just create a few new species that i would convince to worship me. Would then use fake eye and false leg to come across as somewhat normal and just obser1. Become catgirl.

2. Steal all simps from the virtual thots and organic thots.

3. Sell eggs for science.

4. Shift genetics to 1000 more catgirls and sell eggs.

5. Become catboy and and do 3 and 4 for sperm.

6. Be catgirl again.

7. Milk simps by transforming to young catgirl for the a while.

8. Go to Japan

9. Find someone.

10. End e-thot cMyself and a party for very minimal gov arguing for legally limiting government in what it can pass with a constitution that needs 95% support to rewrite post implementation.

Won the argument with the nation and the fantasized a political career ending in a tragic assassination by Xi Jinping for supplying hong kong with a trident sub and several nIm going to fit a spike fence around by front fence to make the drive the only way to access the property. All gates will open out to the streets.

Why?

Count without an o thinks he can park his van so close we're almost blocked in. Bins are in the drive because theyve always been there. 

Trying to not scratch his van with a wheely over a drop isNote: Im just someone who sees abortion as a right, but im not for it personally. Liberty is a principle i must uphold and its just my view. 

Dont mind abortions as long as its genuinely the best option and not just people wanting to avoid the circumstances of screwing who you want without protection.

Also dont mind abortion as long as the fatherIf you love liberty, people will make false arguments against you at every turn. 

My favourite is "You hate abortion, i thought you were for personal choice."

My response is "Yes I hate it. I dont have to like or associate with people i hate. That is me enjoying my freedom to associate with who i choose. My personal life is not suited for everyonWestern Revolutionary LARP community. 

Im talking about the "we need communism. Mommy and Daddy never hugged me. Life is not fair. Look at the pointless degree i got with the millions daddy put in my bank account. Wait why is this degree in period blood painting not getting me a £500k starting job. Sexist! Transphobe (even though im only trans becMaking laws that restrict freedom of speech and let courts decide context.

I love you UK Gov.

Police saying non-progressive things is worthy of terror prevention teams.

I love you UK police.

People unhealthy by choice, that do not contribute, using NHS healthcare for issues they directly caused

I love paying for your failure to live. How about