Butcher block is probably the best in terms of quality, but is pricey. I usually get all my smoker meats from Smiths, they have decent pricing and good quality. 

I prefer whole foods for fish.

Costco seems very good for meat, but I still need to get a membership there haha. 

Other than those, there's not much in Vegas. If you do end up going to butcher block I recommend their wagyu burgers, they taste absolutely phenomenal on a smoker.hi, judging by how you're posting this I think you're a bit anxious about the test. Don't worry, it is very simple. The tests you posted are similar to the questions you'll get on the test. Just study up somewhat before the test and good luck!

In terms of driver ed, those free tests and the handbook are enough. Although after you start driving I recommend you read up on defensive driving and the benefits to it. There are a lot of wackos out on the road and you never know someone's situation exactly.I would be way more worried about the airport than the hotel. People take their masks off all the time on the plane for various reasons and will definitely be the highest infection point for your trip.

If you're worried about the hotel room you should definitely just get some bleach and spray the shit out of common areas. 

Indoor dining will definitely be a no go, but takeout isn't a terrible idea. I'd definitely reject any dinner outside as well if it isn't just you and your girlfriend. 

As far as hotel recommendations go, I think red rock is fine, but as others are saying it is also pretty busy.

I wish you luck on your trip if you decide to go.I think at 75k a year for two years is very doable to own a c6 z06 with maintenance, but like you said affording it is something else. The money would be much better utilized for a down payment on a house. There was that case of a guy with a C7 on r/cars where he was rooming with 4 people in a condo to afford the car haha

I think the most I've spent on a repair for my c5 is 2k, mf was leaking oil.Unfortunately you won't get much for 1kish in Vegas, maybe a early 2000s civic without AC. From my experience everyone is very high with their pricing because they expect you to talk them down. Not sure what you mean by 1kish but the best I would assume you can get would be around 1.5k talked down from 2k.

More than 30% talked down is uncommon IME. 

I would say to look for cars with a fucked up body, not like huge dents, but small acceptable. Look for reliable brands, Toyota, Honda, etc, some early model Ford's might be good. Look around $500 more than you're willing to spend and then talk them down. Make sure to ask them if it leaks oil and that the AC is cold.

Best deal I've gotten in town has been a beat up c4 corvette for $850, but it burned down my parents garage 2 weeks later haha.

Also have to remember that coronavirus has inflated used car pricesI've toured Eden and I have lived at level 25 on oquendo. Eden was wonderful when I toured it and I really liked their layout, but it was just too pricey with everything included. They wanted around $1400 before utilities for a 1br apartment.

Level 25 was alright but again it is way overpriced for what you actually get, not to mention all apartments will continue sucking through covid because of the closures/restricted hours on amenities.

If you're dead set on an apartment instead of a house, then good luck.

South Beach apartments was another beautiful complex, but way too pricey. Good luckThe maintenance is good at picerne, but I'd say it's not worth the extra price at all. No assigned parking, garages overpriced, it's really not a great value unless the maintenance is worth an extra hundred. God I hate how the bare minimum of good service is a fuckin premium in Vegas haha. 

The amenities have been ok, the gym sorta sucks, the spa is pretty amazing though. Sorta regret even moving to a picerne owned complex.All a degree says is that you're able to go into debt for self improvement or have enough of a good family to not deal with that. I agree with any decent program you will get a good set of fundamentals, but you have to consider the realism of the education system. That said, I also think a degree would be best for OP since he wants to relocate to Europe.

I would say software design, operating systems, organization/formatting, and the typical D&A are basic fundamentals. All of which I've either had practical experience in or actually studied on my free time along with my friends. 

Proof theory is that thing on Omegle that the brainlets use to self deteriorate. It's also taught in the majority of math courses which I've took online either through Khan or some open courseware. If you consider college-level math not to go into depth about proof, then yes I haven't gone into level about it.

I have actually written firmware before haha, for a GPS if you'd consider that firmware. I would still say it was more on the basic side however. 

Tbh you sound a lot like Terry Davis, next thing you'll ask is if I've ever written an inter-op routine. I don't think I'd ever want to work on a team where someone believed that knowing how an operating system achieves a task at the lowest level would be VERY beneficial. But I'm mostly in web because I like it the most. I'm sure for embedded it would be VERY useful, not for my field though.I think most people would agree that not having a degree doesn't mean you can't learn new technologies easily. Of course there's more than likely going to be gaps in knowledge, but it really depends on the sub-field that their main focus is in. Even with a degree you will have gaps in knowledge. I don't have a degree, I barely go to college as is, but I know the basic fundamentals. I've even done reverse engineering through ghidra. I have the same years of experience as the poster.

I personally believe the only use for a degree is either relocating to a different country or getting more money from stupid employers. Nothing more nothing less. You can learn everything there is to CS by yourself online. 

Didn't downvote you btw, curious on your opinion of the subject beyond what it teaches you.Coming from someone with 3 years experience in full-stack development without a degree, I've only found that auto-reject through HR screening is the problem. There might be gov contractors that ABSOLUTELY require a degree, but those jobs are usually shit and boring. I went to a Meetup recently and someone there has a decade experience without a degree, he told me that seeking a degree after you're already in is complete bullshit. He's making 140k in a mid-CoL area FWIW. 

I personally am attending classes still, but I only do that because it's fun and I also can say on my resume that I am pursuing a bachelor's. I attend one class online every semester. 

I don't think a degree will help me at all since most ATS is shit and I despise the government.The service is through pollfish, it is surveys as much as Google Rewards is surveys. I don't actually expect to make much if any money from the website haha. I'm just giving away the cards for fun / as a project. It would need around 200~ active users filling out surveys to actually make it sustainable. The normal polls aren't monetized, but after the first poll users will be required to complete a short survey through pollfish. That's the monetization method. I'm gonna be running a giveaway every month. 

I(not pollfish) don't actually store anything personally beyond your login and all that is done securely.

These are good questions and I don't really have much else to go on besides the trust factor. I've done quite a few past giveaways here and there as well.Love Witcher 3, completed all the DLCs and base game. 

Anyways my website is currently offering 2x $50 steam cards for the 2 people that make it furthest in the polls. The premise is to basically crowdsource the money by having users answer surveys before they vote after the first vote. This way we can continue providing high value prizes and the cycle repeats itself. I don't make any money from it at all (In fact I lose money) and just saw it as something fun to do. You basically want to vote with the majority on every poll, and each poll will end in 14hrs after the first poll.

If you choose and you're in the minority then you're out for the round. It's a weird set up, but I was hoping it would catch on so I could start doing insane giveaways with it haha.That's the best feeling. Told a lady I am not interested in completing personality tests before I even get interviewed. Immediately got blocked on LinkedIn haha. Some recruiters heads are so far up their asses that the only developers they're gonna get are the desperate or bad developers. Being desperate isn't a bad thing, you gotta do what you gotta do, but even if I was unemployed I would've told her to buzz off anyways. Not the kind of company I'd wanna work for.Assuming you have your bachelor's I think it'd be somewhat easy to get a job in Vegas or anywhere you listed for that matter. I've been hopping jobs pretty much every year in Vegas and it usually takes me a few months to find one without a degree. I always casually look as well, but start trying hard when I feel my skill-set doesn't align with my paycheck.

Although I don't have a degree, so I assume it'd be somewhat easier with one.My ex was actually cutting her wrists as soon as I found out about her infidelity. She was gonna stab herself until I just stole the knife out of her hand. I mean it's a legitimate fear you have, other people are fucking crazy. However I did not believe for one second that I was the cause of her cutting, it's her own fault. It was who she was. 

I'd still go along with telling the guy, but doing so anonymously.

Also for what it's worth, I would have rather been told by a random stranger my ex was a whore rather than waste literally 2years and shit tons of gas on someone that didn't even love me the same. I believe you have no obligation to tell them unless you're friends, but even if you weren't I would still tell them personally.It's weird, I understand everyone's perspective of things regarding it, but I sympathize with the girl. She's obviously very distressed and the situation fucking blows. Having no connection with any of them I believe they should still be angry at the boyfriend, but the anger towards the girl he flirted with is understandable. I had the same sorta feelings when I got cheated on and I realized I was being a dipshit when I had the same reaction. Just took a while to have that feeling fade.If you wanna meme the filters you can take an online class from a community college and then put in your expected "graduation date". Since you put in a degree that you haven't completed yet the job filter will fuck up and let you through because it just reads for the bachelor's and nothing more. You could also completely forget college at all and just put an expected graduation date of like 2024.Verizon has been shitty in some areas for me, however whenever I used my Gfs phone with T-Mobile she always had 4g. I live in Southwest so YMMV. Usually there's a coverage map on all the providers websites that is pretty accurate down to the area. 

Internet here has always been a scam in one way or another because Cox basically has a monopoly on a lot of areas since CenturyLink only offers gigabit to very few places. LV.net is another provider, but they are overpriced and mainly for actual businesses. I just went through the whole ordeal with Cox and it was cheaper for me to stop the service with Cox and then start it again to take advantage of their promotional rate again. I've also heard that CenturyLink has fixed a lot of their unreliability issues since the last few years they've been operational"That is it would move money from the marijuana sales tax directly to education, instead of the state's rainy day fund.

The money sent to the rainy day fund is currently offset by a fixed amount of money provided to schools from the state's general fund."

https://www.ktnv.com/news/gov-sisolak-announces-bill-requiring-marijuana-tax-money-to-go-to-school-account

It's actually stupid, it's basically an accounting item. I believe we get less from the marijuana tax money than we'd get from the general fund. etc 70mil vs 80mil*This is a good thing because teachers get paid more*. No it fucking isn't because teachers and deans should be paid more. It's fucking ridiculous how much money Vegas gets and we spend it on stupid fucking football stadiums and filling billionaires pockets. That bill that redirected money from pot sales into our education also takes a lot more money away from the education system for vegas. ReeeeWish people actually understood this. It's not reckless to do 100 in a 80mph highway with no one else around. If you're driving next to people of course you're going to be safer and drive accordingly. The only reason cops are there is to collect money, they aren't there because they think someone will crash and need help  otherwise why would they need to fucking hide? 


I made an entire essay on why speeding is just revenue collection for cops and why speed limits are fucking stupid in certain areas.I agree with this, driving defensively is always your best option. If people wanna be assholes, just let them be assholes. It is in your best interest to keep yourself the safest you can.

Even though I agree with it I definitely don't follow it fully. Some people, especially left lane campers can eat my ass I'll fucking throw it into 3rd and floor it right past them. People that don't understand how a 4way stop works as well, zoom and stop near them for a second and start obnoxiously revving.

I drive defensively the majority of the time, but it's nice being able to run if need be.I have another funny story about that. We broke up around January, but I let her stay for another month after we broke up because I was kind enough to let her not be homeless. I would still do it again if I had the choice, but anyways she forgot some stuff when she moved out. I told her it's okay to just come pick it up.

Not only did she say "I hope your new girlfriend cheats on you" she also hit my car lightly with her car door. If there was ever a point in my life where my angry head would ever justify beating the shit out of someone, it was right then and there. But I wouldn't do that, it isn't right. I just told her to get the fuck out. 

I would've just burned her belongings she left if I had the choice again, no use giving back shit to someone that doesn't even respect my property.


I think within the 2 weeks we broke up we had already broken up like 6 times and gotten back together. It was just every other day lmao. She gave me her crocodile tears routine every time like she never thought that this would happen. Breaking up is a scary situation, but required. There are better people out there.I had a similar experience. The relationship wasn't good to begin with really, but got even worse as time went on. She cheated, I forgave/moved past it. Then she did it again within a year. I stayed with her for a year after that as well, not only was I still building a shitton of resentment towards the relationship, I was also in therapy to alleviate myself. 

Looking back on it I really should've broke up as soon as the first instance happened, I was already in school, part time work, and driving 8hrs round trip every weekend to visit her. You really deserve better than a cheating piece of shit. I don't know what finally made me snap, but it was the best decision of my life. The week after breaking up sucks dick, but it gets better as time goes on. I was personally over her within the end of the week.  Every person is different however.

I wish you good luck on finding the strength to leave him, he has taken advantage of your kindness time and time again. Good luckJust got a C5 last December, corvettes are so much fun. I would really prefer the tail of the C6, but the flip lights of the C5 just provide me so many smiles. 

I don't really care about interior quality at all for cars, just care about how comfortable the seats are. I could definitely go >1000 miles comfortably in the C5, how are the C6 seats for you?Are you getting mad at me? lmaooo. Yes those people blowing yellow lights and getting one cars length ahead of people are idiots, but that has nothing to do with the way people drive on the highway. They're not the same people and generalizing them wouldn't help any situation at all. I don't mean to come across rude and I respect your point of view. I just don't agree with it; for legal and safety reasons it is wrong.That causes way more accidents than prevents. They literally teach you to not ever match the speed of someone right next to them in the left lane. There's a solid safety reason why the highway layout is what it is. Not only are you not following the law, you're also enraging people around you. I personally try to take every precaution I can to keep myself safe when near other drivers.

It's good that most highways here are 3-5 lanes so I can just speed past people with the same misconception.Either go with the flow of traffic or get into the rightmost lane. You're not being a defensive driver if you're going to camp in the left lane at all. The highway is already safer than normal streets because you literally just need to go straight and change lanes. Imagine being so fucking stupid that you can't even go straight properly. That's what these drivers are doing.I'm originally from Rockford, so I've been to Chicago a lot. I was pretty young when I lived there so I don't exactly remember what was really good there besides Garret's, but we have one of those in Vegas. I'm not sure if you'd be able to bring Eli's cheesecake either or some Italian beef. Either of those would be awesome. I love Eli's, I don't see it here at all though after glaziers closed.got caught in my Z4 at one point coming back from Flagstaff on my way to Vegas. I just turned off into kingman and started my way through there, the speed limit changes from 70 to 65 when you get off that highway onto the kingman highway to Vegas. I was trying to get home fast to figure out how I'm gonna do an essay I had coming up for college. I went a little too quick in the left lane and a cop saw me where he was trenched. His radar read 95 in a 65, he made sure that I knew anything over 25 can put me in jail for reckless driving. Well the roads were pretty much empty, so he just knocked it down to an under 24 ticket. I had to go through 8 hours of online education and $300. No points were put on me

That incident actually led me to my essay idea, I wrote about how cops aren't really helping anyone with being hidden, and how the speed limit system is stupid. I posted it in r/freewrite if you'd like to see my angry rant in formal writing about how I believe the speed limit system is fucked.I think half this shit belongs on r/gatekeeping. Who gives a fuck about your age as long as you're attentive and careful. Ppl out here acting like insurance companies. That said, I'd shoot myself driving in winter ever again without proper tires. I took a RWD roadster like a total fucking moron to visit my girlfriend in a snowy town. It wasn't projected to snow, but it did. I drove out to the movies that night it snowed and I slid super hard at around 15mph and I would've hit railing if the tires didn't catch traction at the last moment. Driving in snow without proper tires is scary af no matter what speed you're going. 

Funny enough the scariest moment I've ever had in a car was when I started transitioning from a Z4 with lots of power to a base Veloster that I hated. Passing other cars isn't any good when your car is slow. 

Usually faster cars will be safer as to letting you avoid crashes because they allow for better stopping and handling. As long as you're not stupid it's unlikely you'll crash. They did the same thing to me since I'm self-taught, but said I should read up on free classes in a condescending way. Asked if the classes would help me gain employment through them and they told me no. I asked what the point of taking some free course like that would be when I already know the material. It is no use, the numbskull braindead neanderthals can't fucking parse/read a resume in their peanut brain heads so instead will call me to waste my time. I don't think I'd ever accept any opportunity from them since I have experience now.Interned at a startup when I didn't have any experience. So far my manager there who was also the CTO was my favorite to work for. He had 20 years experience in the field and taught me a lot from soft skills to programming. Legit taught me from no website experience to being able to take on my own web projects with ease.

He was also the most fun to work with, I could talk about very very malicious things in office next to him. I loved the openness of it. There was just a lot of synergy and he wasn't a micromanager at all. Offered to take me to a strip club when I turn 21. 

I left that job 3 months ago to advance my career, I miss him every day.They changed the second part a bit. The rules are now as follows:

>You don't have to disclose how you achieved this mission at this time. Don't hesitate to use source codes or tools on the net (but do the exploring process by yourself of course, don't ask your friend to help you). Go ahead with your nasty hacks!

>

No bruteforce attacks, please!


I absolutely applaud how much work you put into that when they didn't allow external libraries haha.

I was originally going to catfish them as a joke, but now I realized I'm just wasting my time while I should be studying. Gj though op



I just got a job around 3 months ago at a sports wagering start-up. It's a hard life for people with little to no development experience. From what I've seen however there are a lot of jobs in .net and Java like the other guy said. I am a .net developer myself. 

There are jobs out there for people. There's some good start-ups and sometimes they're accepting interns. Slickdeals.net is based in Vegas and I actually just spoke with a senior developer there awhile ago. They're accepting interns right now I believe and you might be able to squeeze in somehow based on your IT experience.

Good luck on the search friendRemote jobs offer a lot more flexibility usually. However I've also noticed that most small employers are more lenient on the hours worked as well. 

I work 10-6 because I really can't do 9-5 either, or else I'd just be unproductive on no sleep.  There's always jobs that offer better flexibility. I believe CS would be a better opportunity for flexible hours than finance as well. So it really depends on company to company.I JUST WANT TO SAY THANKS FOR THE YEARS AND YEARS OF ADVICE. I JUST ACCEPTED MY FIRST BIG BOY JOB PAYING AVERAGE (60K HERE). I HAVE BEEN SELF TAUGHT THIS ENTIRE TIME AND HAVING A CTO HAND TEACH ME FOR THE PAST 2 YEARS HAS IMPROVED ME MORE THAN SCHOOL COULD EVER DO. FUCK SCHOOL. FUCK COLLEGE. I AINT GONNA EVER GO THROUGH THAT SHIT. LEARNING BY MYSELF IS MUCH BETTER PERSONALLY. I FUCKING HATE AUTHORITY FUCK COPS TOO. SPEEDING TICKETS ARE ANNUAL FEES TBHHey, my internship have been ongoing for the past year. I started in October and I've been working full-time from then to August of this year when I started college. Now I work part time usually 3 days a week 8hr days. I was hired on as an intern and my boss told me when I hit 2yrs of working experience he would hire me on with an actual developer title rather than intern. I have been using c# MVC .net the past year and have learned a lot. 

I don't feel like I'm being paid a lot considering I have experience now. I've been searching for different jobs, but I really like my current job and would really prefer to stay at it with more pay. My pay rate is $15/hr in a med CoL area. I was wondering if it would be crazy to ask for a pay raise or not considering I am still just an intern.I really enjoyed making a map out of Google maps api, we had a lot of data to use so it was definitely one of the best things I did when I first started using JavaScript. Tons of various fun problems while making it, I really liked duplicating the measure distance tool they have on normal Google maps. So maybe try web development, a lot of it will probably be CRUD thoughIf you think you're pretty good looking I'd consider using tinder, it's pretty cool and gives you a good self esteem boost. I remember going to Genesis 4 and screaming at Coney, the announcer for smash 4 matches while he was on stage announcing shit to give me my fucking money for the Uber I bought to get us to the venue from the airport. That fucker never gave me my money, probably because I didn't scream loud enough during top 8Do not quit something you love doing for the sake of being more appealing to others. I've been playing competitive melee for the past 2 years as well. Most of my motivation to practice has faded after getting a job and balancing time between playing other games and going to the gym. Some days I just want to practice all day since I've been losing recently to people I don't usually lose to. There's not much more you can do with your weekends besides doing stuff that appeals to you. Most of the people in the Vegas scene are >23yrs old. Our T.O for one of our monthly series is 28 goddamn years old, you should never try to force yourself to outgrow something you love doing is the point I'm trying to make. I still attend every tournament I'm able to, as long as it's not in the fukn ghetto, goddamnit. I think as long as you have school or a job and don't just play melee 24/7 you're gonna be fine. I am currently a c# mvc Web Development intern. Mostly just CRUD stuff. I'm learning a shit ton though, so it's fun for right now.

I don't think I would want to do this forever, but with the way things are going I think there's always gonna be stuff for me to learn so I don't know. I'm just happy I get money while learning useful things.

I see myself either at this internship full time like I am currently or in college while part time.

In 5 years I would expect myself to move to a different job or graduated from collegeI'm not sure if you have already, but r/cscareerquestions is full of a lot of helpful advice. Just don't take everything you read there as fact, the subreddit is filled with top performers and such, there's not many average Joe's on there.

It actually helped me a fuck ton with getting an internship. Try to brush up on data structures and algorithms too if you haven't already. They're gonna be most commonly asked during interviews. Leetcode and a few books those suggest on the subreddit help a ton.

I hope you the best of luck in your future job hunt, it can be devastatingly hard not living in a tech hub or near one. FOLLOWUP FROM PREVIOUS RANT.


I ACTUALLY FUCKING DID IT, I GOT A C# MVC INTERNSHIP. I FEEL EMPTY SOMEWHAT BECAUSE THE TECHNICAL TEST WASN'T ANYTHING LIKE I WAS EXPECTING. 


THIS PLACE IS A STARTUP, I WAS EXPECTING TO BE CONFRONTED WITH A DATA STRUCTURES AND ALGORITHMS PROBLEM, BUT NOPE. ALL THIS GUY WANTED ME TO DO WAS IMPLEMENT METHODS FOR A CONSOLE APPLICATION. HE ALLOWED ME TO SEARCH ONLINE FOR ANYTHING, JUST NOT ASK ANYONE FOR HELP. THE CLOSEST THING I DID THAT RELATED TO A DATA STRUCTURE WAS REVERSING A LIST BY USING LIST.REVERSE. HALF THE BATTLE WAS USING THAT GODDAMN FUCKING LAPTOP'S TOUCHPAD. 


I APPRECIATE EVERYONE THAT HAS GIVEN ME WORDS OF ENCOURAGEMENT/KNOWLEDGE. <3My IQ is 180 and that puts me up there with geniuses like Stephen hawking. At 2 years old I learned to read and write in 5 different languages. At 7 I successfully reinvented the wheel to fuel our growing need for round objects to fill in the Fisher Price toy hole. At 13 I had created the world's first hydrogen projector, increasing productivity of average americans ten fold. By the time I was 18 I started writing a comment on reddit about lying about my past about being a genius. I mean, I understand how the JSON works formatted sort of, I think it's pretty how it's done as well. The thing though, most tutorials I found on the subject were only for reading/writing to JSON. I believe I was able to add more objects to the file, 

EX(I'm certain this isn't valid JSON, just trying to get my mindset across): ({"Asset:", "computer"}) is in the JSON file, and I added {"Asset:", "printer"} to the file as well. But when I called FileReader to read the file I expected it to read the whole file and not just the first Asset. I'm probably missing something huge here, but I haven't really dealt with using classes and such before. I'd appreciate any input at all, it really does mean a lot to me, I'm just confused.THERE'S GSON, SIMPLE JSON, AND JACKSON. I USED GSON, FILE STORAGE IN GENERAL TO ME IS A BIT NEW CONSIDERING I'VE NEVER REALLY DONE ANYTHING OTHER THAN WRITE TO TEXT FILES. I NEVER REALLY HAD A REASON TO THOUGH WITH UNITY3D.

I KNOW GSON CAN CONVERT STRING TO JSON AND SUCH, BUT I FEEL STUPID FOR NOT KNOWING HOW TO APPEND TO A JSON FILE, SOMEONE TOLD ME TO NOT APPEND AND JUST OVERWRITE THE ENTIRE FILE WITH THE JSON, BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW TO GET THE ENTIRE FILES CONTENTS FROM IT AND REWRITE IT BACK WHEN I APPEND MY STUFF TO THE STUFF THAT'S GONNA GET REWRITTEN. I FEEL LIKE I'M TALKING GIBBERISH 50% OF THE TIME TRYING TO EXPLAIN JSON WITHOUT FULLY KNOWING WHAT IT IS.
I'M A FUCKING DUMMY.

AIGHT, I WAS ASKED BY EMAIL TO DO A WEEK LONG TASK FOR POTENTIAL EMPLOYMENT. IT'S A TAKE-HOME PROJECT(FUCK PEOPLE THAT ASK FOR THINGS THAT TAKE MORE THAN A FEW HOURS). HERE'S WHAT THIS GUY WANTED ME TO DO IN DETAIL. MAKE AN ANDROID APP THAT CAN: ADD ASSETS, REMOVE ASSETS, TAKE PICTURES AND BIND THEM TO AN ASSET, SAVE LOCATION OF ASSET IN REAL LIFE. AN ASSET IS JUST A COMPUTER, OR A PRINTER, ANY REAL WORLD OBJECT. ALL PERSISTENT DATA SAVED IN JSON.

BRUH FUCK THAT, JSON IS ABSOLUTELY DREADFUL TO LEARN. IT'S FUCKING IMPOSSIBLE TO APPEND TO A NORMAL JSON FILE, EVERYTHING I'VE BEEN TOLD HAS BEEN A LIE. WHETHER OR NOT I FINISH THIS SHIT I'M GONNA BE LEARNING JSON. FUCK JAVA TOO, C# MUCH BETTER.I think I follow you, but my problem was whenever I used FileWriter and set it to true to append it never wrote anything, at least not anything I'm aware of. This will fix that? This is all java, I have never really touched java besides a few super minor projects, I mostly use unity3d. I'm also confused a little, is file object suppose to copy the JSON file? How would the data stay persistent? I really do appreciate you helping me, thanks so much.Hey, is it normal to be asked to do a week long task at home for potential employment? 

I was asked by the employer to make an app that can add/remove items with details like computers, furniture, etc, while listing the names and such to a JSON file in android, and then reading from the file on startup to find the details/names and such.

I was wondering how reasonable the time frame for this is, because I've blown almost 2 days trying to append another JSON object to an already existing JSON file with no success. I feel like a complete failure because of it.

if I don't find out how to append an object with GSON by tomorrow you'll see me in the rant thread on how I'm gonna off myself.Dunno why it's doing that. It actually just did it to me after I tried it on a new project, but the error went away after I tried again. [here's the test project image](https://imgur.com/xrM0oo7) and [here's](http://pastebin.com/gTqEpa3N) the pastebin with my code(I changed it a little)

I changed it to screenshot to a folder called Screenshots that resides in Assets, you have to manually make the folder.

Like I said though it also did it to me earlier and just fixed itself, sorry if it doesn't work, I'll try and recreate it a bit later tonight or tomorrow.Hey, a few months ago I found this cool piece of code that took a screenshot on play. [link to the post with code](https://www.reddit.com/r/Unity3D/comments/2tvmtp/you_should_totally_make_a_script_that_screenshots/co33voq). I implemented it in my project and that was the result

the basis of the game is sort of like super monkey ball, the goal is to get your ball to that gold structure you see at the end.

I started working on this project on and off around february of this year, probably close to an average of 30 minutes a day.

[Bonus gfy, the ball hitting a wall](https://gfycat.com/CrispIncompleteDartfrog)CAPS LOCK IS CRUISE CONTROL FOR COOL. THOUGH MY EYES ARE FUCKING DYING.

I HAVE THOUGHT ABOUT THOSE. I ACTUALLY HAVE APPLIED TO A TECH DESIGN JOB A BIT AGO, BUT HAVEN'T HEARD ANYTHING. I'D DO ANYTHING THAT INVOLVES UNITY, IT'S SUPER FUN TO WORK WITH FOR ME. UNFORTUNATELY MY AREA HAS ONLY 3 JOB OPENINGS CURRENTLY THAT INVOLVE UNITY AND I'D RATHER NOT RELOCATE.I MEAN, WHAT INTERESTS ME THE MOST IS MAKING GAMES, BUT NOT BEING HIREABLE BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW MUCH ABOUT THE PRACTICAL USES OF DATA STRUCTURES ISN'T FUN. I HAVE MADE SMALL LITTLE PERSONAL PROJECTS BEFORE WITHIN ECLIPSE AND I'M CURRENTLY MAKING AN XML RANDOMIZER FOR A FEW SPECIFIC XML FILES A TOOL OUTPUTS. I'M GONNA TRY TO OPTIMIZE IT THE MOST I CAN NOW THAT I KNOW ABOUT BIG O NOTATION.

I GOOGLE ALMOST EVERYTHING I DON'T KNOW HOW TO PROPERLY USE. I APPRECIATE THE REPLIES. DON'T GET ME WRONG THOUGH I LIKE PROGRAMMING IN GENERAL.
I AM A FUCKING IMPOSTER, I'VE HAD PHONE INTERVIEWS I'VE COMPLETELY FUCKED BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW A SINGLE THING ABOUT DATA STRUCTURES, AND I'VE FORGOT MOST OF IF NOT ALL OOP FROM THE TUTORIALS I WATCHED A YEAR AGO.

THIS FUCKER ASKED ME ABOUT THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AN ARRAY AND A DICTIONARY OR SOME SHIT, I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT THE FUCK A DICTIONARY EVEN WAS, I LITERALLY ASKED THIS GUY IF HE MEANT A DICTIONARY AS IN A BOOK.

ANOTHER THING I WAS ASKED WAS ABOUT A GODDAMN FIZZBUZZ QUESTION, ME BEING A DUMBASS AND NOT KNOWING OPERATORS I COULDN'T COMPLETE IT. COULD NEVER CHECK IF A NUMBER WAS DIVISIBLE, SHOULD PROBABLY OFF MYSELF.

I FEEL LIKE A COMPLETE FAILURE, CAN'T SOLVE BASIC PROBLEMS, YET I WAS ABLE TO MAKE A SHITTY MOBILE GAME IN UNITY. 

FUCK HASKELL TOO WITH THEIR GODDAMN FUNCTIONAL PROGRAMMING.

Dunno if it's actually outdated for Viking Conquest because I've heard a few problems with the battle size in it. But all the battle sizer does is change a warband text document.(specifically rgl_config) You shouldn't have any problems with using it.

I think anything above 300 can cause the engine to crash, at least thats what I've heard. You'll have mixed results with different mods though. Feel free to correct me on any of this.Never saw the sign at all, I always made sure to place it AFTER I switched channels. And yeah I believe we are in summon range, I'm SL31 and he is SL24.  EDIT: I'm fucking autistic, I didn't think the butterfly was an area boss and he tried to summon me when we both had it killed. I always thought the boss was the hydra for whatever dumb reason. ur tool works for me atleastI recently started playing [Phantasy Calradia](http://www.nexusmods.com/mbwarband/mods/3973/?) and just finished silverstag. Phantasy Calradia is a breath of fresh air from the whole medieval theme, because it contains magic and skeletons and goddamn zombies. there's a few new skills as well in Phantasy. Prophesy of Pendor is also good, although it's really hard. Now that I think about it, a full invasion 2 singleplayer would be amazing.**Roll to The Hole**(WIP)

Roll to The Hole is like monkey ball with accelerometer controls.

I haven't really got that much into it, but I put together a gif showing off progress from the start of the project since yesterday to today. There's not much else to say right now.

--------------------------

[GFYCAT of progress](https://gfycat.com/MeanCrazyAmericankestrel)

[GFYCAT of ball crashing](https://gfycat.com/CrispIncompleteDartfrog)

--------------------------

Any critiques are greatly appreciated, thanks.

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Explosive-Kandy-859722390813952) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ExplosiveKandy)Hey guys, I'm starting to work on my second unity3d android game in my spare time. I made the gif with the images I've captured everytime I hit play. As you can see I just don't know what to texture stuff as.


I'm not certain what a good name for it would be(currently thinking about Roll to The Hole), but the basis of the game is sort of like super monkey ball, the goal is to get your ball inside that gold structure you see at the end. Right now you control the ball with the accelerometer. 

Links to social media I'm gonna try to keep updated on the development: [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Explosive-Kandy-859722390813952/?ref=bookmarks) [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ExplosiveKandy)


any critiques are greatly appreciated.I personally like world at war's zombie mode, mostly because of all the mod maps and guns. though the only other CoD game I've played with zombies is black ops, which was fun too, but not as fun as running around killing zombies in mario 64 castle. also note that it's hard to find online WaW zombie lobbies now, and the online aspect with friends is a bit of a hit and miss with whether it will work or not. I'm sorry for the confusion, The article is french, so i used google translate. The game One piece pirate warriors 3 was lazily ported, from either the PS3 or PSVITA to PC. The article I linked pretty much says they never intended for PC to be equal/better than PS4's version of the game. Alot of other things are wrong with the game right now on steam aswell. the texture settings just do nothing, and alot of people are having trouble getting various controllers to work.Man it's really funny how people downvoted you for saying tecmo has horrible ports. This sub has completely been starved for any one piece game for so long on pc that they will accept the trashiest shit tecmo makes. It's sad too, because if the money does flow they're not gonna change and if it doesn't flow they're probably gonna pin it on some bullshit reason like "Japanese games don't sell well on pc". I really fucking hate this general opinion of the game on this sub. I really wish Koei Tecmo would go down already. /rantWell this sucks, I just spent an hour going to this mission so I could do the mission with letho and I picked to import a save that I killed letho in. I didn't even want to kill him in witcher 2 I just wanted the final fight. This makes me sad.

This is actually bothering me alot more than it should. I restarted my game with the correct imports now.This was a long time ago, but I moved when they introduced the update to reduce knifes range, and "upgrading" the perk(I think) system to shit. The final nail for me was that I had just moved to raven after I hit lvl 50 and raven barely had anyone for matchmaking. I loved the game so much before the patches. I wish MAG could've made its way onto PC before zipper went down. But hey people are working on PS3 emulators, and with things like dolphin's netplay it doesn't seem impossible we might be able to play online.

I mostly play csgo, melee and random PC games now.

**EDIT** I was researching it. Patch 2.0's supply depot and skill tree changes was the dumbest shit.

What's your opinion on the patch op?[Here's a link to the playstore](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mole.stakemup) that's my absolute first game I've ever made. yeah I think that's enough, but just to make sure check the new APK's permissions on google play dev console before publishing it. Remember you need different bundle version codes if you want to upload an updated APK. Also, congratulations on finishing a game; I can count multiple times where I thought I would never figure out the problem for something and wanted to stop developing, but stuck through it. Hey, I released my first game too a bit ago last month! I was looking at the permissions on your game and noticed it needed Photos/Media/Files access. This might deter some people from downloading your game. [Here's](http://playmedusa.com/blog/reducing-required-permissions-in-android-games-unity3d/) a guide to getting rid of that permission. Also if you have any advertisements they might have there own android manifest for whatever reason and might contain the Photos/Media/Files permission. Just a heads up.A little backstory, I started to learn java 2 years ago. I tried using andengine for android, but it wasn't that well documented and was pretty much dead. So I found out about Unity3d from a moderator on the andengine forums. Ever since then I've been trying to learn the syntax for unity's versions of C# and Javascript, and trying to get a grip on the way scripts interact.
Well a few days ago I released "Stak Em Up" for free on google play and 0.99$ on the amazon appstore.

The goal of the game is to stack blocks to the black line and maintain them there for 2 seconds. Once that is done a block called "End Block" will drop down. You fire the End Block at the blocks you stacked to gain points. Get the highest score and establish dominance.

[Alternate store, Amazon link](http://www.amazon.com/Explosive-Kandy-Stak-Em-Up/dp/B00TF1RUGC/ref=sr_1_1?s=mobile-apps&ie=UTF8&qid=1426129666&sr=1-1&keywords=stak+em+up) Critique welcome.

**TL;DR** Finally released my first game. Critique welcome.Yeah, awhile ago when I made this post I found [this](http://projectpokemon.org/forums/showthread.php?40199-Pokemon-Mystery-Dungeon-2-Psy_commando-s-Tools-and-research-notes) thread and alot of my questions were answered by the guy who made it. That's basically what it is changing hex with a program. It's pretty fucking amazing what these people can do.> "Close minded losers"


> "The ps4 will look the same in 10 years, meanwhile you have to upgrade your PC every few years or it runs like shit."

[permalink](https://www.reddit.com/r/firstworldanarchists/comments/2wb5pk/sony_gets_it/copebzo)

I'm pretty sure you're just trolling at this point considering a pc with a graphics card as powerful as the ps4's one would run games to the same extent of a ps4 for the same period of time if not longer because most pc components have >2 years warranty, but that depends on what you get.

[Link to ps4's warranty](http://us.playstation.com/support/warranties/ps4/)Upgraded from a 650 near november to a 970. It's been having these issues aswell. Skyrim would spike from 99% gpu usage to 4% at random points. Talked to another ENB user and he didn't have these problems.

Nvidia also has barely been responding on the forums about these issues. They've just been silent, I'm returning the card and jumping ship as soon as 3XX series is released.Speaking honestly, I've had troubles with the 970 since I bought it when I tried enb skyrim. The gpu usage would always spike to around 4% in some places where it should be 99%. 

I'm not sure if this is the enb's fault or not, but I remember someone saying in a post i made about it that their skyrim is 99% usage all times no spike with same ENB. This caused me to look for fixes, one of which bricked my motherboard because I'm fucking stupid and trusted MSI to produce a quality tool.

If I had the chance again I would go with the 290x.

[It's 6 years old, but it's what i used to learn like 2 years ago.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hl-zzrqQoSE)

Bucky goes into detail about almost everything he teaches and made it relatively easy to understand what he was doing. I stuck through the tutorials up until maybe 120 and ventured off into unity3d and other game engines.

Thenewboston is like the sal khan of programming.~~I think there was a trick that made the gpu usage stay at 99% while even in desktop view. I forgot though.~~ Nvm it was just setting adaptive to prefer max power in nvidia control panel which doesn't help this problem

It's pretty fucking sad that people myself included paid 350$(Or 850$ for a 980 like the Brazil guy on that last page) for this card and nvidia can't even fix it after 2 months. I wish AMD were to somehow rise and compete neck and neck with nvidia.It's a known driver issue for all cards. I'm just guessing here that it's affecting msi ones the most because they are the most popular i guess? People reported it with all 970s. [Here's a thread on it where nvidia is collecting info](https://forums.geforce.com/default/topic/781982/geforce-drivers/nvidia-geforce-gtx-900-series-feedback-gathering-low-gpu-load-and-other-issues-/) You're probably right. I was in the line of thought that a 970 will crush anything thrown at it. Still doesn't explain why nvidia hasn't responded to people on the forums to tell them it's the game that is causing it. I saw NVGareth reply to one of the gtx 970 problem threads and as soon as OP explained his gpu usage was fluctuating, NVGareth skedaddled.I didn't really stress test it, but others on the forums did and they say it went fine, but when they tried a game it would fluctuate the gpu's usage.

I have a i5 3470 that only used about 60% cpu usage during mount and blade and skyrim. I was thinking nvidia botched dx9 support somehow, but others on the forums are having problems with a variety of games including bf4 and some have i7's. i can't link anything though. Sony thought it was a good idea to not incude a copy and paste function on the vita.The 900 series card's have fuckloads of weird issues with a multitude of games while overclocked and not overclocked. If i had to guess, it would be another driver problem. Different setups yield different results. I actually tried to flash my bios with hopes of some of these problems going away but i used live update 6 and now i need to rma. Go ask on the nvidia forums about this issue someone might have an actual answer there.It's mario kart 8 and they actually have working texture replacements. can't link the vid right now i'm on mobile. the video is made by mrbean35000vr and chadderz. just search "Mario kart 8 texture hack" if you wanna see it.

I forgot to mention that this hack uses a internet browser exploit. the psvita is going through the same thing right now aswell. If you have a vita below firmware 3.18 it's vulnerable to webkit exploits.

EDIT: Mario kart 3ds actually is pretty close to custom tracks. i thought for a second there that mario kart 7(3ds) was a wii game. Originalitybound is right.I have the MSI red 970, but I've heard the problem persists to other 970's including your gigabyte one. Not everyone has the problem though. I'm currently using 344.60 drivers(Latest). Nvidia is not replying to anyone on there forums about the problem either. which pisses me off to no end that they won't even acknowledge that some users do have problems. Actually gave the code to my brother who is ascending real soon. He said he's getting a 970 so he'll be able to choose another game aswell. I think i could only run the crew considering nvidia fucked over the drivers as of right now for some 970's. 

the gpu utilization drops to 40% from 100% at times and causes micro stutters and sometimes it just doesn't even go 100% at all and lingers at 40-60% causing the frame rate to be shite.I recently went to a tournament on an empty stomach and promised myself to get food after i finish pool's. Well almost 4 hours pass and my pool sets are just starting, I told my friend i was gonna break out of pools this time and guess what i didn't. i only won like 2 sets out of 8 i think. I went up against one of my worst match-up's, 2 samus player's one after the other. My stomach was just hurting at this point and i was slightly curled up, I felt like total shit the entire day because i fucked myself over by not eating before i went. 


**TL:DR : didn't eat before i went, had to fight my worst matchup on an empty stomach and lied to a friend.**[Stak 'em Up](https://imgur.com/a/jraRC)

Stak 'em Up is a basically a stacker with randomly generated blocks. Each time you finish a level the end block falls down so you can score point's. 

After that you get to choose an upgrade between 
"+ End Block Size" ,"+End block weight(mass)","+Movement speed","+End block launch speed","+Platform length". 

And finally after you choose an upgrade the next level begins with the blocks having increased gravity and the platform length being minus'd a little bit(the platform can only be minus'd down to 5 in length which is still quite long).

[Twitter i barely ever update. Maybe if i had released a game i would update it.](https://twitter.com/ExplosiveKandy)The reason you're being downvoted is because Animation quality is not relevant to hitboxes, and you being a game dev should know that the dev's had time restraints and probably couldn't rework the animation for every single balancing fix they had to make(which is more than likely a metric fuckton for a fighting game), that's why some of the animations have janky ass hitboxes.

I fully agree that animations should have the same range as the hitboxes, but i'd rather not have Brawl's MK in the game with who knows what else OP shit if i had to make the choice.Holy shit i just stumbled upon this thread when searching about input lag for my vx238h, and i didn't have it set to 4:3 so it just felt like i was playing it on dolphin again. I've been playing without 4:3 since the 3rd of October and was super bummed when i got it because it just felt the same and i didn't think my purchases were justified. I'm so thankful for this thread you made. THANK YOU VERY MUCH NOW I CAN ENJOY LOW INPUT LAG.The [Asus VX238H](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16824236305) is actually on sale right now and it's rated the same as the benq one with 10ms on [displaylag.com](http://www.displaylag.com/display-database/). I actually bought one today for melee and project m along with a sewell adapter so if you want a good cheap non laggy monitor with speakers that's a pretty good price. 

Promo code is : EMCPAWA22

EDIT: i just noticed you were talking about wii u smash bros, i'm not sure if you'll gain any benefit from using a monitor like this other than any other monitor just for wii u.**Stak Em Up**

Stak Em Up is a physics based block falling simulator where you have to stack blocks up to the black line and keep it there for one second. after that another block will fall down that you can score points with by firing it at the blocks on the platform and once that's done it clears the stage and goes to the next level that takes away 0.07 linear drag and gives +0.07 gravity to the blocks(on the hardest difficulty, plan to make an easy and medium mode aswell).

[Pics](https://imgur.com/a/IWRba)


[Twitter](https://twitter.com/ExplosiveKandy)If you didn't already know use a newer version of dolphin like 4.0-2390. i forgot, but after one of dolphin's updates it helped input lag tremendously. 

There's still lots of input lag though just not as much. I'll edit this post soon with things that i feel might help input lag.

EDIT: [I've decided to make an image](https://i.imgur.com/HMLSk3x.png) of my settings. V-Sync adds loads of input lag, and some of the settings i have checked on there are just because my videocard isn't that great and can't really run it at full speed without them checked.

I think checking disable destination alpha's box decreases input delay aswell, but it causes graphical glitches and  i am not sure if it decreases the input lag i just think it does.

 I also read somewhere that putting DSP emulation engine as DSP LLE Recompiler decreases input lag aswell, although i'm also not sure if it does or doesn't i just read it so i keep it at that.I did a quick search up and it's seems that you might be in luck. [this](http://portingteam.com/topic/7572-dolphin-full-speed-nintendo-wii-and-gamecube-emulation/) says that you'd probably be able to run it at a good framerate, but you can't use GPU heavy things like HD textures, anti aliasing, and such. 

Like A stupid penguin said before me i think it will run fine and mayflash is the adapter you want.

[here's an amazon page for the mayflash one since penguin didn't link amazon and yes it works with mac.](http://www.amazon.com/GC-Controller-Adapter-for-PC/dp/B0089NVTDM)

(PS: Macs are severely underpowered for what they cost. they make up for that price with it's durability and display.)Reposting my favorite way to practice L-cancelling, should work for PM and any character.

> Smash is a 10+ year old game. Thus, it is tough to find a way to 
> legitly practice by yourself.


> However, I devised a simple training method that helps people 
> practice/learn the basics.
> In this particular case, it is L-cancelling.


> To make good use of your personal time, try this in Versus Mode:
> 1v3.
> Your character vs 3 Ice Climbers.


> Each Ice Climbers is Level 1.


> No friendly fire


> Yoshi's story


> I am a Captain Falcon main. Practicing your short hop Aerials until you > get every L-cancel down in different situations helps


> Now, go spam your aerials on the ice climbers and try to perfect L-
> cancelling. Why is this better than facing regular computers? Because > when you hit multiple ice climbers (ranging from 1 to 3-4~) the timing > switches.


> By being able to hit people and L-cancel at different timings with no 
> mistakes, you have already became a better smasher.


> This is especially effective vs actual Ice Climbers 1v1 because you 
> WILL hit both climbers sometimes.
> It is also great in teams because you will hit both people too (or their > shields)
> I also believe it helps 1v1, even if it isn't a direct parallel of real 
> games


> So to those who always ask how to get better alone, try this! I 
> assure you I still use it when I need to warm up quick. It is good both > as a quick means of warming up L-
> cancelling but also to simply learn 
> the game.


> If i get a hold of video making software and a copy of melee I may 
> make a video to demonstrate. Hopefully I was being clear enough.


> COPYRIGHT@ s2J FOLLOW ME ON TWITTERIt's just a little tetris with physics sort of game that iv'e been working on inspired by one of my favorite psp homebrews. 

What you do is stack randomly sized blocks up to a black line close to the top of the screen. When your block reaches it and is able to maintain that position for 1 second another block comes down and you get to fire it to knock the other blocks off for points. each level increases the blocks gravity and reduces the blocks linear drag. 

[Here's](https://imgur.com/a/geFi7) a few pictures of it and [another](https://imgur.com/A7cjLDi) one of how i have it set up in unity.

I also have a twitter handle set up for updates on the game, but i don't really update it enough as i should [link](https://twitter.com/ExplosiveKandy)[This](http://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/2a868u/left_4_dead_2_killing_floor_and_a_basic_humble_2k/) giveaway for a humble bundle awhile ago had the hardest solution iv'e ever seen. You might want to drop some of the cards like this, would be quite interesting. Also, Thank you very much for doing these giveaway's I actually got a dimmdrive copy last time you did one. Good job on the software!Would it be [the captain falcon trials?](http://smashboards.com/threads/captain-falcon-trials-for-newer-and-expert-falcons.344677/)

also, here's a repost of how s2j practices/practiced L-Cancelling by himself if you're interested

> Smash is a 10+ year old game. Thus, it is tough to find a way to legitly practice by yourself.

> However, I devised a simple training method that helps people practice/learn the basics.

> In this particular case, it is L-cancelling.

>==

> To make good use of your personal time, try this in Versus Mode:

> 1v3. 
 
> Your character vs 3 Ice Climbers.

> Each Ice Climbers is Level 1.

> No friendly fire

> Yoshi's story

> ==

> I am a Captain Falcon main. Practicing your short hop Aerials until you get every L-cancel down in different 
> situations helps

> ==

> Now, go spam your aerials on the ice climbers and try to perfect L-cancelling. Why is this better than facing 
> regular computers? Because when you hit multiple ice climbers (ranging from 1 to 3-4~) the timing switches. 

> By being able to hit people and L-cancel at different timings with no mistakes, you have already became a 
> better smasher.

> This is especially effective vs actual Ice Climbers 1v1 because you WILL hit both climbers sometimes.

> It is also great in teams because you will hit both people too (or their shields)

> I also believe it helps 1v1, even if it isn't a direct parallel of real games


> So to those who always ask how to get better alone, try this! I assure you I still use it when I need to warm 
> up quick. It is good both as a quick means of warming up L-cancelling but also to simply learn the game.

> If i get a hold of video making software and a copy of melee I may make a video to demonstrate. Hopefully I 
> was being clear enough.

> COPYRIGHT@ s2J FOLLOW ME ON TWITTERIf you don't mind alot of bugs and sometimes glitches then you should try out project M [unbound](http://youtu.be/1pIN8cPbaFI?t=1m6s). It contains pichu as a playable character, but the project is still in the works and pichu isn't quite finished yet i don't think. 

[Here's](http://smashboards.com/threads/project-m-unbound-beta-2-is-out.351320/) the smashboards thread on the project which contains the website which in turn contains the hackless version if you don't have homebrew.I played PS-all stars for around a year or two with my brothers. It's fun as hell, and i've tried to play it on a competitive level before and succeeded somewhat. I chose dante as my main, because his combo game was fucking huge with his empty cancel, but my brother chose raiden because he looked gud. We both were actively trying to win against each other with me being the one with the most wins. I feel the thing that ruined the competitive scene was having to use Supers to kill. Although there were ways to get kill confirm's not every character had good kill confirms >.> looking at you toro.  

Haven't played THAT much since the patch though so i can't really tell you what would need to be changed mechanically, Obviously being able to kill with players falling off the stage and some hit-stun would be the best change they can make.



**TL:DR**: If you're gonna fucking emulate a success actually emulate it.[EYYYYY](https://imgur.com/Icksid5) and [eyyyyyy old picture](https://imgur.com/NdfiJRI)

I'm currently making my first complete game for android that i'd like to call "stak em up" 

It's a physics based stacker pretty much. I currently have two button's set up, one to go right and the other to go left. Although i'm currently trying to make sure the buttons stop applying force to the cubes when it reaches the wall. 

The goal is to stack it to the black line and to keep any cube there for atleast 1 second, After that your level gets upped and the gravity for the cubes increases by 0.02.

I'm really hoping i can get a playable web build soon for people to try[Here's an object pooling video made by the wonderful people at unity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-zDOJllPZ8). You're gonna have to incorporate it into your game sometime because it's basically mandatory for mobile games. Since your thoughts are that they aren't being destroyed this will also help with that because object pooling doesn't use destroy(). it just sets the objects inactive until needed.[PCPartPicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/3IT4t) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/3IT4t/by_merchant/) / [Benchmarks](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/3IT4t/benchmarks/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [Intel Pentium G3220 3.0GHz Dual-Core Processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80646g3220) | $64.99 @ Newegg 
**Motherboard** | [MSI H81M-P33 Micro ATX LGA1150 Motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-motherboard-h81mp33) | $53.98 @ SuperBiiz 
**Memory** | [A-Data XPG V1.0 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/a-data-memory-ax3u1600c4g9dr) | $65.70 @ Newegg 
**Storage** | [Seagate Barracuda 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/seagate-internal-hard-drive-st1000dm003) | $58.84 @ Amazon 
**Case** | [Rosewill Galaxy-02 ATX Mid Tower Case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/rosewill-case-galaxy02) | $24.00 @ Newegg 
**Optical Drive** | [Lite-On iHAS124-14 DVD/CD Writer](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/lite-on-optical-drive-ihas12414) | $19.99 @ Newegg 
**Other**| diamond boost video card GDDR5 2gb 270x with 15$ off 100 at tigerdirect.com AR| $165.00 
**Other**| OS, windows 8 pro from r/softwareswap for 10$ paying with google wallet or steam cards| $10.00 
**Other**| Wait a little while for cx430 to go on sale on newegg for 20$ again like it has in the last weeks| $20.00 
 | | **Total**
 | Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available. | $471.50
 | Generated by PCPartPicker 2014-05-12 21:40 EDT-0400 |
Well, it's my attempt at making one not to pricy but still better graphically and cpu wise than the ps4. Also you'd have to wait a bit for the psu to go on sale like it has in the past weeks.

Note: this doesn't include a monitor like a ps4 doesn't include a tv and i forgot the M&K which would have been like 20-30$ depending on what you want, So lets just let the total be an even 500$. also gpu rang at around 50 fps to 40 fps on crysis 3 at high settingsIt's not really a puzzle game i just meant the increments in block speeds like in tetris. The object is to stack the blocks to the black line and i want it to get harder as the levels go up.(I know i'm increasing speed ontrigger and not when the level progresses).  The physics is how i intended it currently it's just i want to increase the speed each level. Thanks for replying.[this is a link to my build](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/wFFk);
or if you don't want to visit it then 
Intel Core i5-3470 3.2GHz Quad-Core Processor,8gb ddr3 1333mhz,gtx 650,1tb western digital blue 7200rpm, benq 22inch 1080p.

I love the masterrace because i can program on it. the peasant box cannot do that. i also love the low prices for games and mods.

I'm planning to eat cookies, icecream cake, seafood and such, we have a pretty big family.

edit: forgot the steam ID it's bleepbleep or [here for a link](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067163102/home)

Contest 1:
[favorite deal](http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapcsales/comments/1kdhnh/the_humble_origin_bundle_the_sims_3_battlefield_3/)
This is my favorite because battlefield 3 made my brother want a gaming pc.

Contest 2:
[pcpartpicker with images of my pc](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/b/zzT)
I don't have a camera right now so i can't give a timestamp, but i do have a post on another giveaway that will probably qualify me
[other post](http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapcsales/comments/1k6jb5/giveaway_custom_extensions_discounts_for_full_psu/cblz5ol)

Contest 3: entry
I'm interested in the all the games

Posted build on pcpartpicker http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/b/zzT (You can read about all the silly things i did while building my first and current pc);

I hope this counts as a time stamp because i have nothing to take a picture with: http://imgur.com/7xocQGu

[PCPartPicker part list](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/wFFk) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/wFFk/by_merchant/) / [Benchmarks](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/wFFk/benchmarks/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [Intel Core i5-3470 3.2GHz Quad-Core Processor](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80637i53470) | $199.99 @ NCIX 
**Motherboard** | [MSI Z77A-G41 ATX LGA1155 Motherboard](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-motherboard-z77ag41) | $96.00 @ Vuugo 
**Video Card** | [EVGA GeForce GTX 650 1GB Video Card](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-video-card-01gp42650kr) | $91.48 @ Newegg Canada 
**Case** | [Cooler Master Elite 371 ATX Mid Tower Case](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-case-rc371kkn1) | $44.09 @ NCIX 
**Operating System** | [Microsoft Windows 8 Full (64-bit)](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/microsoft-os-885370414059) | $109.33 @ Newegg Canada 
**Other**| xms3 1333 8gbs of ram|  
**Other**| generic optical drive|  
**Other**| generic toshita hdd 1tb 7200 rpm|  
**Other**| generic thermaltake psu 600 watts|  
**Other**| benq monitor 1080p 23 inch|  
**Other**| Microsoft 200 keyboard - kingston optical mouse|  
 | | **Total**
 | Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available. | $540.89
 | Generated by PCPartPicker 2013-08-12 01:59 EDT-0400 |



I have been wondering what graphics card i should upgrade to within the 100-170$ range. Maybe a 7950 with the price drops.





