&gt; i will be deleting this post shortly because i couldn’t figure out how to make a throwaway account and am in desperate need of help.

&gt; during college i was raped by a woman who i thought was my friend. since then i have gotten professional help, moved cities, changed my contact information, and thought that I had completely distanced myselThat's totally true. I only know one case of the opposite being true.

Impractical jokers. The american version has four life long friends. That's part of the beauty of it. They know each other so well that they can play off of each other and design the perfect punishments. The UK version just took four random comedians who are all good independentYTA but not a horrible example.

I personally think that's super cute and I'd actually like to try one.

That said, it's not right to do something like that to someone who doesn't know that it's going to happen. It's unusual but by no means wrong. You really should have asked him about it first though.

Just because he liked watching it doesn't meaInstall the "Looptools" addon in preferences. You should have already done that really. it should just be built in automatically.

Add a cude into the scene. Scale the cube along one axis until it's the thickness you want it to be. 
Add four loop cuts around the largest faces then do the same perpendicular to that. Select the very outside of the cuNIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER Id have been about 10 or 11 and I was at Alton towers. It was a shit trip, we weren't allowed outside of the Thomas the tank engine themed zone. I got in trouble for swearing in front of a little kid and it's mum. There was biblical flood level rain all day.

I was in the gift shop with a friend looking at the random Knick knacks when a someone tapI lean further left than right.
I consider myself liberal, classical liberal if need be. Bear in mind that I'm English too so our compass is a little different.

The main issue I see with my side is the desperation to censor. 
I've always believed that the right to free speech should be both absolute and untouchable. I don't see others as believingI read your comment then I went and watched that scene. For those wondering its episode 4
Timestamp 52:30 to 53:00

Duny says he has to give Geralt something but Geralt says no. He felt that Duny is the type of man who deserves his help. Duny continues to push so Geralt gives in and just asks for the first thing he thinks of. His choice obviously iIt's an extension of the doctrine.
The communist manifesto doesn't literally say "We need to run reddit"

Socialism, simply put is shit, the only way you can get people to support something like that is to get in early and convince them it's good. You can then set up a feedback loop where they start to ignore content that shows the truth and only bBigotry is too broad a term for this conversation.

I think it's the other way really. Racism is innate, all societies have it. It's served a purpose in the past, there's good reason that it would exist. The stereotypical view of Sexism however likely isn't innate.

It's acceptance that has come with knowing the fact that just because you're a diffWomen are the majority in the US.

The population is distributed by age as follows: 
0–14 years: 18.62% (male 31,255,995/female 29,919,938)

15–24 years: 13.12% (male 22,213,952/female 21,137,826)

25–54 years: 39.29% (male 64,528,673/female 64,334,499)

55–64 years: 12.94% (male 20,357,880/female 21,821,976)

65 years and over: 16.03% (male 22,678Human souls are extremely valuable to demons. The objective of every demons existence is to gather as many souls as they possibly can and use these as influence to move up the hierarchies in hell.

One fairly common scam is for demon A to kill a whole bunch of other demons and capture their corrupted valueless souls. 
Demon A then sells these soulsOkay no. 1 is difficult to defend.
Shithole countries. Most of the countries that come under "shithole countries" are full of abject poverty and horrific oppression. The comment was certainly miscalculated though, il'll give you that.
Muslim ban didn't include the country with the highest absolute number of Muslims or the one with the highest perceTrue.

Answering the question with God just adds an unnecessary detail.

There's no need for a god of any kind in the scientific model. There's no verifiable evidence for god, it's a waste of time to anthropomorphise what doesn't need to be.

There's also no reason to believe there was nothing before the universe.

"Before" might not even be the ri&gt;Some people never want children

Sure myself included.

&gt;you could offer all the resources and education in the world, but if the birth control were to fail, those people would still opt out.

And that is called putting it up for adoption.

&gt;But in the end, there will still be a demand for abortion access

Just because people want it doesNon aggression principle.
Basically arguing that hurting a person isn't just "I can't tell you to stop"

If an unborn baby is a living person then they deserve the same protections as a person out side the womb.

The people that say "my body my choice" are making a useless argument because that could be said about straight up murder.

The governmenI'm a male but no worries. It was a 50/50 chance.

I am fully aware that pregnancy can be grueling, to say the least. I've heard horror stories of the effects it can have on a body.

I really do have sympathy for the people that have to go through it, especially those that didn't even consent to the risk of it. 
I look forward to the day science inIt would have been everyone sucks here.

Your wife is pretty dumb. She's part of a group that sees you (men) as the enemy to be beaten.

The sex strike is just a way of hurting men and though your wife sees you as "one of the good ones" you still belong to the class of bad people.
You're a stronger man than me, a feminist wife is a serious deal breYTA
You're the adult, you pay for his phone(I assume)
You do get to put content blocks on but you absolutely are TA.

You're hypocrite. You go on pro Sanders sites but dissallow pro Trump sites.

While I don't really agree with all of his views as you've layed them out I am confident that there is sufficient evidence to warrant those viewpoints.

ISure. Most animal species have some form of self interested altruism. Vampire bats will vomit up some blood for the ones who had a shitty hunt but there's an understanding that it will be returned in the inverse situation.

I'm not assuming this is your stance but there are people out there that imagine a beautiful socialist utopia without a concepI'll try my best to explain.

The political spectrum ranges from right to left.
Liberal to conservative. There's too much for me to explain the individual stances of both sides so I'd say just go look on conservative sites to find out what they believe then look on liberal sites to find what the belive.

The word leftist describes an individual or I whole heartedly dissagree but I respect your right to express your opinion and i value your contribution.
I don't agree with the downvotes either.

One thing that helped me was to honestly talk to republicans about what they believe and why. In almost all examples you'll find that it's not some evil intention that drives them it's either a misundThe thing is, most people don't talk shit about Nazism. They talk shit about Nazis.

The thing is, most people don't talk shit about Rape. They talk shit about Rapists.

The thing is, most people don't talk shit about Racism They talk shit about Racists.

The thing is, most people don't talk shit about Sexism. They talk shit about Sexists.

I can'tI never actually thought about this before.

My main character is a serious martial artist and I never even considered it. Let's try some freestyling then.


The archers pulse
A martial art developed by the Soul harvesters of hell that focuses on aggressive striking kicks and punches that use the riser of the bow rather than the limbs.

Some commonNTA

You have the right to leave a relationship that you believe won't give you the satisfaction that you are looking for. 
If having a biological child is a deal breaker then there's nothing wrong with looking for someone who is able and wanting to do that too.

You should have been more immediately honest about your opinion on adoption. The instiTo a novice user it's impossibly difficult to use. If any regular guy off of the street tried to use it they'd be left a drooling vegetable. It takes someone with the right set of magical talents to be able to interface with the device.

The device isn't privacy to any secret information, anything on there has to be put there by a user like a normaPerfect question for me.

Lucifer was God's favourite Angel. A well behaved, kind, obedient son that just fell in with the wrong crowd.

Mahesh the trickster was the original snake of the garden of Eden. When he and Lucifer became friends they decided to play a prank of sorts on God.

Nahash convinced Eve to make Adam eat the forbidden fruit.

EnraPantheon's bow: Originally owned by the great warrior Ghengis khan it saw battle hundreds of times and shot thousands of arrows.

All that death left a permanent mark on the bow  and when Ghengis khan eventually instead of going to the after life his soul got trapped in the bow.

James took the bow for himself to use when in hell. He kept it even wMy main character has a suit of power armour stashed away in the pocket universe he uses to keep magic objects hidden.

It's a Brutus Demon that escaped from hell and went on a rampage in the 1910's. He captured the demon and as punishment he invented a new set of spells that allowed his to turn the demon into a sort of puppet. He climbs inside theJust about anything can have magical enchantments applied to it.

My main character has the vault (a personal pocket universe) that he uses to keep thousands of enchanted or cursed objects hidden away from prying eyes.

Some thing, like those of cultural or personal significant, will just drink up the magic effortlessly.
Hellsteel is particularly uThe main character my world is built around spent a few months as hell's ambassador to heaven.
Being a human he was suitable to spend time in hell and the Angels would let him in to heaven too.

The reason he was removed from that job was after a particular event where he referred to angels as "chickens with egos"

The Archangel Micheal took partic1: amazing
2:Even better
3a: damn good
3b: faulty with a few gems
4: Aweful with a few good bits and one incredible episode.
5: Pretty good with a few faults
6: Pretty bad with a great bits.
7a: really great with a few weird choices. A few absolutely amazing episodes.
7b: half way through but something really cool is building.
8: will only last 10 I... I just don't care anymore.
It's been 2 years of people taking shots at this guy, every now and again there's something tiny that nobody cares about a week later. As far as I know he's only actually been responsible for good stuff.

Yeah he's a rude fuck, he says some I'll advised stuff but I just can't get excited when I see stuff like this anSoul harvesters

Demons hand picked by Lucifer himself from the most resilient and deadly of all of hell's inhabitants.

There has only ever been a single human to become a soul harvester: Pantheon.

Soul harvesters are the ones who enforce deals made by bartering demons by killing the human if they don't keep up their end of the bargain and let thShe has surgery to correct her overbite. That's pulled her jaw forward and made her face sharper.

She's gone from a baby face that you just want to cuddle. (Ruby, supernatural)

To a cute girl next door (Laurel, Arrow 1-3)

To a aggressively sexy leather clad dominatrix (Laurel, Arrow 4-present)


Edit: may not be surgery, may be a product of weigI know you're being flippant but there's a serious reason see this everywhere you have poor/stupid people.

In populations that have a lower standard of living you see the produce on average a higher amount of children which unfortunately increases the amount of people who have to share the already limited resources. It's would at first seem to be It absolutely is about intent. If you have a picture of a baby in the bath and then the rest of your photos are completely normal then nobody will even blink however if you have that same picture in a folder with 19 images of undisputed child pornography then you'll be considered in possession of 20 pornographic images.

It gets even stranger. If yPantheon. While hunting down his daughters killer he made a deal with the devil: his life for hers.

After spending thousands of years in hell , working his way up  to having power. He was released only a few years after having vanished.

Now he has returned, hardened by battle and tempered in the fires of hell he is on a mission to exact punishmenI've actually thought about this quite a lot.
Of course it depends where you are but generally you'll be much less likely to encounter a guns in the field apart.
Police would have less guns however as soon as your prescence became common knowledge you would start running into the armed officers.

The architecture in the UK doesn't really facilitateAs a (I hope) well informed non-American.

This message isn't real, it's a joke about the messaging system that allows the POTUS to send messages to every registered US mobile at once.

The system was actually worked up during the Obama administration but was never used. It's meant to be for any important things that everyone should know but I assur/the_donald, I'm able to see that they're right about some things and extremely wrong about others.

r/islamunveiled
I don't like Islam. I like equal rights for, among others, women and homosexuals

r/pussypass and r/pussypassdenied
I don't always agree with them either but I'm interested in seeing when something seems to be out of whack.

r/proliIf that's what they are trying to do then they need stricter standards in the movie review industry.

They're either collectivly incompetenrt or you could notice the trends of ewhere there's a larger dissconnect between audience and reviewer and see that there's something fishy going on.

Some examples i like to give.

[url](url)

0% review score, Binge, binge, binge.

A few weeks ago I got all of Lis1 on steam for like £3.50.

I burned right through episodes 1-3 overnight then spent the next day itching to continue. I got straight through 4-5 the next night and it messed me up. 

The intense all in one exposure made me feel all the more connected to the characters to the point that LIS is tI'm willing to admit that we're both the bad guys there.

would I make you feel better if I went over there and posted some citations from the literature? oh wait, I'm banned.

&amp;#x200B;

Spez: You know what dude (Dudette?) you might actually be right. I'm normally quite up for admitting when I'm wrong. This seems to be something I'm not able toInitially I was asking around a few religion themed subs asking "what do you believe and why?"

"What do you think are the best and worst arguments for god(s)?"

I'm always interested in knowing stuff like that. It never hurts to learn.

I got some great answers from the Atheists, some genuinely high level answers from the Hindu and Sikh subs I posGnosticism and agnosticism doesn't speak about belief. It refers to the question of knowledge.

Gnostic Atheist. "I know for sure that god does not exist" 

Agnostic Athiest. "I disbelieve due to logical conclusions and pragmatism"

Gnostic Theist "I know god exists"

Agnostic Theist "I am inclined to believe a god exists"

&amp;#x200B;

Even Dawkiif I have a jar of sweets and you say "I know there is an even number of sweets in that jar" then I say "I don't have any reason to believe you" I'm not saying there is an odd number. I'm just saying you haven't proved it is even.

&amp;#x200B;

Replace "even" with "does exist"

Replace "odd" with "doesn't exist"

replace "jar of sweets" with "god"You're drawing a false conclusion from statistics.

&amp;#x200B;

Let's say 1% of the population has been a victim of rape. That doesn't mean 1% of the population is guilty of rape. Most rapists get several victims. That means if every rapist only got 2 victims (Crazy understimate but work with it) then only 0.5% of the population are rapists.

&amTent, pot, knife.

All things that can be used indefinitely, non consumables and can be used to fulfill the tree main needs.

The tent provides fantastic shelter and can be used in conjunction with natural materials.
The pot can be used to boil water and cook food.
The knife can be used for all kinds of cutting, killing weakened prey and butcheringAs a disenfranchised liberal I've been able to see myself change and it gives me perspective on the way both sides think as I've sort of gone through both sides.

I used to be 100% liberal until a couple of years ago I started seeing a shift. I started to realise more and more that examining claims from my side wasn't something I wanted to do. I'd Just the general trend of people being fired for jokes. Roseanne and James Gunn are two recent examples you should check out.

Conservatives are just as bad as leftists on this one. Leftists called for Rosanne to be fired for making jokes about race, Conservatives raved about Gunn being fired for making jokes about pedophilia. It's all FUCKIN' stupMaybe so. There's plenty of evil shit that happens today and people may have a better perspective s on that. I am confident that 1000 years in the future it will be illegal to perform genital mutilation.

Let's assume that Mohammed was right to have sex with a 9 year old.(I almost vomited writing that)

Even then, for quite a while now and I assumeI can speak personally. It's cool, of course it's not real but every time in media we see someone that has this access to the occult they are always so cool.

Constantine is an awesome example.

The lesser keys of Solomon was genuinely interesting to read and think about even if it's a work of fiction. 

I suppose there's also the element of hidden&gt;we don't have evidence or data for everything.

That's why we don't believe these things.

&gt;I find myself disturbed sometimes that we've become so enamored with calling things scientific, that we believe that science can answer every important question

Science can not answer everything, neither can "book says it so it must be true"

&gt;we Prayer has only ever been proven to work on one level. As a placebo effect, anything more than that is either the misapplication of logic, conformation bias or a lie.

Just because there's impressive imagery that doesn't mean anything. When I'm playing Injustice 2 and I see Dr. Fate contour up Ankh symbols that's pretty beautiful imagery. It's stilMy concern isn't really even with terrorism. Of course it's aweful but it's not the biggest problem. I'm more concerned about the fact that in 11 countries it's legal to kill gays and apostates. Every one of those is Islamic. It can't be a coincidence.

Not every Muslim is a monster, I know plenty that aren't but even in them I see attitudes that aI was with you up until the last sentence. I am pro-life and an Atheist so I feel I can s4rve as proxy for the haters. Play devils advocate(pun intended).
Prayer is all fine and good if you want to do it. I'm sure it's a fantastic placebo effect, just like meditation and sugar pills. Prayer has never been demonstrated to work at anything greater thWell you need to have some level of flexibility here. 

I don't agree that all religion is child abuse. It's certainly a negative to raise your child "You are this religion" but you should be allowed to within reason.

My two favorite angles to look at this from are Christianity and Islam. Both are Abrahamic, both have anthropological origins that Satan is the only recurring cosmic being in my multiverse, to most he's a serious nightmare. Everything that an evil person can do he regularly will to those that make deals for their souls.

The only people that he has a good relationship with are the main character who, as I've talked about before, worked as a soul collector for him. The other is&gt;native American genocide,

Do you know anything about the native Americans?

Their culture revolved around following the buffalo across the country. They also had this weird habit of killing anyone that didn't belong to their group (remind you of anything?) and stealing their shit.

When a member of their tribe got too old or weak they didn't c