ESH, while your grandmother sounds like an asshole in her own right it’s not because she’s making a poor choice with her will. It’s her money and she can do as she likes with it. 

You cutting her off is because of her choice. If you make that choice, it appears petty.

You have many reasons to discontinue contact with your grandmother, her choicesI think you might be what they call towhead. People with white blonde hair.

More common in small children usually the hair darkens a bit after puberty. 

Not as common in adults but not like super rare for a natural blonde. 

Blondes are going to become more rare in the future, but I think natural redheads will actually disappear before blondes doYou made a whole bunch of assumptions. I feel like paying for someone to go out and have fun is a gift. For example, If a wife organized and paid for hubby to do a round of golf with three buddies I would also consider that a gift. 

The friends may live out of state, but that may mean a two hour train ride. 

The friends arrived at noon but for a Edited: After receiving info YTA, your sister has every right to want to terminate the maid. You’re asking her to continue to pay for a service she is unhappy with and she’s the one actually there. 

If you want to be solely responsible for paying the maid - then you can keep her. 


INFO: does your sister pay rent and contribute to the funds for tNTA, what she is doing is awful and if she is withholding your child also illegal. If you have a legal right to see her and you’re paying child support she can’t legally keep you from visitation. You need to contact a father’s rights advocacy group and take her ass to court. 

I’m sorry your relationship with your daughter is suffering. Please don’Do you feel the same about protests and funerals or is the virus somehow woke enough to not transmit that way? You picked on TX and AZ but New Mexico and California also spiked. Wanna guess what all those states have in common? Wanna take a shot at where the majority of new cases came from?

So ummmm, no, your need to dox people is not justified inYTA, the dog wasn’t the problem. It’s lack of proper training from its humans was the problem. You sent it off where it was obviously abused then you gave it away again. You probably shouldn’t own animals if you are unwilling to put in the work when things are difficult.

Edit: Also to put the responsibility solely on your daughter for the “family She’s lucky it wasn’t cut with fentanyl cuz then she might be dead. Seems like they’ve been putting that shit in everything lately. 

PSA: dealers will intentionally hot load some of their product and if it kills someone it is actually better for their business. Then everyone knows they are selling the “good shit”. The people most likely to die areNTA, unfortunately girls are treated differently than their male sibling. This mostly has to do with the risks of pregnancies. Girls tend to suffer greater consequences of those mistakes than do boys. Your parents can require your brother to support his girl if he knocks her up. They cannot force your boyfriend to support you if you get knocked up.Ah yes, I present an article and you dismiss it. Then claim I can’t back up my statement. How many do I need before you’d acquiesce exactly? How many before it’s not anecdotal? Releasing even one violent offender that goes on to kill someone because of the idiocy which is this pandemic is unacceptable.

Edit: [Here’s another anecdote](url)

[and anYeah, you’re another female taking away her dad’s attention. Which you obviously have not taken into consideration her feelings at all. You like her brother because you obviously don’t understand what it means to love a child. A parent gives love in spite of bratty behavior. As a step parent, it requires more effort. You chose someone with childrenYTA, you’re dating a man with children. The children are part of the package. You think every parent out there doesn’t crave a little alone time, but you duck out of your relationship for a week for me time. Sounds like you might not be suited for this relationship and you should move on. You’ve been with someone for 3-4 years and don’t trust his kOh for fucks sake, it’s because sometimes the individual IS responsible for what happens to them. If you decide to do hood rat shit with your friends then end up in a bad way with the police, guess what, that’s your own damn fault. 

If you decide to walk around flashing cash in a shady area of town, guess what, you dramatically increase your likelWhich is why they would never drop taxpayer money on it. The optics just aren’t good because people will still choose to be outside the system and then there is still a problem. Many homeless people were relegated to sanitariums in days gone by, which we don’t have anymore, as most of them have severe mental health issues and now we have no place fAgain, you’re taking it way too personal. It is literally a function of her job to inform people they will not look like the picture they brought in. Most guys take it much better than you are. Most women fail to grasp the concept and are never happy. A really good hairstylist will cut your hair to best compliment your face because regardless whichEvery woman before you comes in with a picture from a magazine that is some supermodel and/or heavily airbrushed. These women may get the same hairstyle but it doesn’t look the same on their features and they get upset. It’s like women in general do not understand that just getting the same hairstyle will not make you look like the woman in the magI do find it amusing that you don’t disagree with the idea of a dumb American only that she calls you that. I guess us dumb Americans are too stupid to understand the highbrow humor of your country because I find the entire notion offensive. I find it even more entertaining that you come to a platform that is obviously more American and ask if you YTA, and you raised a shit daughter that would do that to her sister. The fact that you’d continue to let that man be in your house is unfathomable. 

Further condoning the betrayal by attending the wedding is a slap in the face of Samantha. You can love Sophia, but she’s the one that should be kept at a distance. What a wretched woman. There are bSadly, this is the truth. It is a clump if cells when the woman does not want the pregnancy. When the woman did want the pregnancy and she’s attacked, there are two lives that suffered. 

The cognitive dissonance required to not have it both ways is pretty wild. I think I remember a time where pro-choicers were against treating an unborn child as aNAH, the law sucks but it’s the law. You may be able to carry a rifle by law. So if you want to carry while on a hike carry a rifle or shotgun if permitted. You can get a sling for them. 
If you’re so concerned about the danger in the area you hike; you may want to rethink going there. While I don’t agree with the law it is in place and you need toExcept death rate has been declining for 11 weeks straight and you’re assuming a 100% infection rate. So no, the data doesn’t support it. Especially when every mask box out there flat out states it will not protect against the virus. 

If the infection rate is even higher than the confirmed cases, which the CDC says it could be as much as 10x higheMore often than not when you interact with someone they do make judgements, but it is based on the manner in which you interact with them. If you come off poorly or make a bad first impression, it is generally pretty difficult to get someone to be nice to you. It is unfortunate that every interaction nowadays carries with it racial underpinnings. YNTA, you sound like the mature one. Keep you’re head up and pick your battles. Has he ever considered that people treat him differently because he acts like they should? Is he microaggressing others because he perceives he is owed something? Could it be that people just genuinely dislike him, and it literally has nothing to do with his status as a NTA, if that guy isn’t complaining about every other comment an innuendo made around there he was targeting you. You really need to tell your supervisor as much. The guy entered your conversation and never complains when people guys use crude humor. He’s being sexist but on the sly. You need to ask him every time he try’s to enter your conversationNTA, while your parents did something nice for your child your wife may feel like they are trying to steal favor with the child from her. There is no rationalizing this with her because it a perceived affront and if you aren’t for her you’re against her. You could try to remind her that it’s just a nice thing for your child and that’s why you like Yeah, except if this was going to other way people wouldn’t be so opposed. Everyone would be calling mom an AH and saying the right leaning members of the family just need to suck it up. 

If the daughter wants to be tacky why not avoid going to the wedding? It’s just a double standard and that’s fine, but double standards make people assholes. EitSome of those dates are arbitrary. Pasteurized milk doesn’t magically go bad right after the expiry date. 

It can still be consumed even after it turns sour since it’s been pasteurized. 

It sounds like he was speaking with a little tongue in cheek unless he doesn’t realize those dates are set by the producer not the government. 

Expiry dates areGo train as a welder and then travel the US making bank as a bad ass welder. You might have to start in a pipe yard somewhere. It’ll be hard and dirty work, but you will be creating things with your own hands that have useful applications. Welders are in short supply because people think hard work is beneath them somehow. Short supply means that ifNot sure, that’s a question for an MD. If most of your family is lactose intolerant, you might be able to try A2 dairy products. I’ve heard lactose intolerant people handle A2 milk better. Idk if there are A2 products that are keto, but maybe just shy away from dairy for a while until you figure it out. 

Sweaty, tingly and puffy after consuming soThe way you’ve responded isn’t nice. I’m sure you think you’re being nice, but you’re coming across the exact opposite. 

“Care to...” is such a sassy way of asking a question and completely unnecessary. 

“Do you know of any schools in particular” may have been a better phrasing, but you phrased it the rudest possible way. 

But what do I know? PeNTA, your daughter lied to you. She doesn’t know how to change the tire and she would be calling you the moment something happened. 

You could have handled it a bit better by offering to teach her how to do it or offering to help. 

You could just tell her that if she has tire trouble to call roadside service and not you since it is her car and shNAH, that chair is ugly. The two of you should go shopping together and find something that both of you can live with. That’s compromise. If she doesn’t like the rest of the furniture maybe y’all should go pick out a new living room together and get rid of your old stuff. This way the shared space is shared furniture you purchased together. Sell yoNTA, your girl is really being a jerk specifically offering what you purchased for yourself. I suppose you could buy your stuff separately after you’ve bought the house groceries and then store it in a mini fridge or in your closet. She’s being really rude by not allowing you to have things of your own that just belong to you especially after you aAnd? It’s the principle of the matter for your father. Was it your money or your dad’s? If it was his and he wanted it back, who are you to determine it was insignificant therefore you needn’t bother? 

If it was yours, don’t ask or allow your dad to do things for you anymore. You are unwilling to give permission and he’s just going to end up frustYTA, and your boyfriend should dump you. He comes as a packaged deal, but you don’t want the package. If he is worth his salt as a father he’d find someone that wants both he and his daughter in their life. When you enter into a relationship with someone that has children, you are making a choice to basically adopt their child. If you are not williYikes! The way you recount this really does make you seem like a calloused D-bag. But, I’m gonna lean more to just a bored troll. 

You expect people to believe this girl emigrated for you even after you told her you deserved better?

What’s better than loving someone and having them love you back? I’m guessing you never really loved her, and you lYeah but what if you’re wrong? Maybe you just have little faith and your brother might really want to be a better man for her. 

I’m just trying to play the opposite side of the argument, but I totally see where you’re coming from. A tiger can’t change its stripes, and you know your brother. 

You just had no business telling them how to live theirOooo, this is tough, but I’m gonna go with ESH. You can’t control them, sorry. And your brother should have abided by the code, but he didn’t. 

Unless you are mystic and have a crystal ball you don’t really know how things are going to turn out. Maybe they will be really good for each other. 

Sucks to be you because now you’ve caused drama especiNTA, you aren’t shaming her for her interests. She can not differentiate between fiction and reality. She also does not know that she’s being extremely hurtful to you by not being appreciative of the things she has. As much as you monitor what she consumes it’s important to monitor seemingly innocuous things as well due to the influence they extendFrom your previous response:

&gt;the other day my boyfriend and I went to the public beach and **there were lots of people there**. We were perfectly comfortable laying on each other and holding each other and all that stuff. Today my boyfriend and I go to our friend’s party with a whole bunch of other people I know. Every time he tries to kiss myFrom some smart folks at Cornell


&gt;However, the most dangerous farts are not just those with containing hydrogen sulfide, but those that on top of this chemical, are warmer. This is because as the temperature goes up, the environment for this H2S producing bacteria becomes more encouraging, increasing the amount of the H2S in the fart and also NTA, but she might not have been as cool with being child free as she first expressed. While she isn’t exactly the asshole here, her behavior is not really cool. 

You probably did jump the gun, but if you do decide you want to propagate your seed you’re prepared. Good for you for thinking ahead, which makes me think you knew there was a chance youEveryone will tell you, you are, but I disagree. I think you both suck. If they don’t want to tell you that she was possibly sexually assaulted and she is having a hard time overcoming that, that is their business. 

Some people lack the coping skills to shrug things off and keep moving forward. Depression is a finicky beast that way, some people hThe Cold War never ended for some, and the US is still in control of many things worldwide. Other superpowers would love nothing more than to unseat the US. 

It’s also rooted in ideology. I don’t really know what in their ideologies drives them to harbor such disdain for the US. It’s not like they haven’t shown their own opportunistic tendencies. As someone that had a career mom who didn’t let her life revolve around her kids - I think you are incorrect. 

My mom loved me, but she admitted she was never a great “mom” in the quintessential sense of the word. I think people here assume if you don’t revolve around your children you’re somehow a bad parent. This is simply not the case. Dads areI’m going to go against the grain and say NTA. If you were the child and a parent had treated them that way everyone here would tell them to cut out the toxic parents. Well, your daughter is toxic, unfortunately. She lacked any and all empathy toward her mother, and she disrespected you when you were going through a very difficult time. I’m really NTA, it is ok to ask if he would like some help and you would love the auntie/niece bonding time. Their mom had to learn which means you can learn as well. 

He will be the AH if he continues to ignore his daughter’s needs because he can’t snap out of his despair. He has kids that need him. Be supportive and look out for those kids until he gets hiI’m not, it really does cost money to produce stuff. I can’t just slaughter animals and take them to a store to sell. They have to be USDA inspected and processed in a USDA approved facility in order to be sold commercially.

I’m not sure where you think the means of production come from, but it doesn’t just materialize out of thin air. Everything NTA, that woman is an entitled AH and your son not standing up for you shows right where his priorities are. Money is a privilege, not a right and you are entitled to do with it as you see fit. 

I would suggest not giving anymore money when your DIL rings you up. 

Personally, I would not penalize your grandson for the rudeness of his parents. YouYTA, pregnancies are a risk with sex, period. Condoms are not 100% effective. Regardless of what she may have wanted from you and what you were willing to put forth, she was carrying a child she claimed to be yours. The very least you can do is show a little bit of emotional support during this time, even if you are rightfully relieved. She has no Wanting to be favorite is what OP wants. You become favorite by gaining favor with the individual. You gain favor by going above and beyond. This isn’t difficult, and it’s not about love. She wants better stuff. 

Favor does not equal love. OP is conflating the two as are you. 

I’m not miserable, I’m a realist. Her own sister says she’s spoiled, aYTA, I’m not sure what your issue is with you FIL, but you are being unreasonable. 

He hands you napkins when your hands are dirty? What a travesty. 

He wanted to wash the car with his grandson? Then you whine that should be a father/son activity. 

Some people are appreciative when others do things for them. It may also be part of your FIL’s lovNTA, they don’t want equal treatment, they want special treatment. I find it disrespectful to women in general that they act as if their biology somehow makes them less capable of performing. Your system is flexible enough for them to work around their cycles if they so chose, yet they want special treatment. How do women work in medical or first rNTA, your family is including him as one of the family. His mom is a helicopter parent and if that’s what he wants tell him to have sex with her otherwise he needs to tell her to knock it off. 

He may not be accustomed to ribbing from family members, so maybe don’t bring up deficiencies in front of others. 

Tell him if he uses you as an excuse onNot editable, but they can be interpreted differently. You cannot edit the quran, which is why any “translation” is not considered an actual quran. A true quran may only be written in Arabic. But there are literally hundreds of surahs which are meant to interpret the meaning of the quran. 
The Bible has been “reinterpreted” many times and the languWho knows, the existence of heaven and hell in some ethereal plane is up for debate I suppose. 

Applying facts to a belief driven practice does not prove anything. There are too many questions and science itself is built on certain tenants  or paradigms that shift over time. Religions do the same thing, they call them enlightenments. Some religionI guess you don’t realize how well servers typically get tipped. If it paid so poorly, people wouldn’t work there. Servers can make bank because people are usually generous. This guy was complaining about one person, and that one person and the few others like them do suck. Serving should not be a career, but maybe in those “civilized societies” thChildren becoming Number 1 over a spouse is why marriages fall apart. 

Kids should not become the center of the universe. They are loved, but not more than the person you spend intimate moments with. The same way that mom gets bumped down the list. 

This is the reason why sex shouldn’t be casual. It is an intimacy that you should only share with She got five years for registering her son in a school where she wasn’t a resident. Then she got another twelve years for selling marijuana and crack from her home. She only has to serve 5 with 5 on probation in addition to the five she got for enrolling her son out of district. 

The article points out she even interrupted her son’s birthday partyAccording to the WHO if you are now asymptomatic you aren’t going to spread the virus. 

Plus, you’ll test positive long after you’ve gotten over it because you’re shedding dead cells but the protein test still sees them. 

NTA, people are so sensitive but refuse to accept any study other than one that says everyone that gets it is going to die. Fa