Well, OP said "Never before did I see a policy from this administration that actually seems benefitial".

He's stating an absolute. That Trump never did anything benefiticial. Which, Republicans would strongly dissagree, but even Democrats, if they are honest with themselves, would know Trump has done many benefiticial things... Unless of course, tThey can. They can order online. Most people have no idea or refuse to do it because "Oh I don't know if that's safe to order from Canada!" Literally anyone can order from Canada with a prescription already. Anyone. Walmart also sells 20 dollar generic standard insulin if you're really in a pinch.

And finally, how dare you jump in with the stupid I like you you look through everything in a lense of "How can I view this action in a way that can be construed as negative and give me more reason to hate Trump by feeding my bias." You managed to twist something that's good for Americans, as Trump killing people in other countries. 

Ask yourself, how would you react if a Democratic president didI actually think about 80% of people aren’t real. I’ve noticed most people just hear what another human says and mimics the belief. It sounds good to them and that’s all the thinking they do. It has no deeper layers past that. They just claim to hold a position but haven’t critically determined why. They are like AI trying to mimic a human. I’m serYou'd have to listen to his podcast and frankly I'm not really in the mood to go running around looking for stuff. But there was a classic example where the ENTIRE post podcast debate, he didn't mention Bernie Sanders a single time. Not even alluded to him existing. Post debate, was all about everyone else, including giving time to nobody small canOf course, I agree with that part. That would be great by creating a more competitive labor market. You're the one saying people should get UBI and work significantly less hours. That's just not feasible. But it absolutely would help force employers to be less shitty. I've worked all over Europe and have seen it first hand. Government pays for housIt's something I've looked for before, but there is so much noise on the topic, it's hard to find the article I specifically read about it. However, I know there are some documentaries on it. I think 20/20 did an hour long segment on it.

The basic summery is all these young tech people who built this amazing system were being praised across all thObama had everything around him burning bright red hot, ready to be hit. And instead he was just too inexperienced and let the neoliberals and Republicans march all over him. He could have done a ton, with a lot of public approval in 2008. 

But he also had fucking evil experienced demons around him like Hillary and DWS who single handedly made somI genuinely believe our root problem is Americans aren’t social any more. We don’t do much. Compared to everywhere I’ve travelled we are very friendly but very homely as well. Most people don’t go out most nights, walk around, or just go be with friends. Most Americans just go home and do shit by themselves or just their family. There isn’t much “pSo for you personally? Probably not ideal. You live an in extreme outlier case. But most of America isn't in your position. So it's still fine for 95% of the population and destinations. So before saying Tesla is crap, keep in mind, it just doesn't make sense for you in your unique situation. Sucks they don't have a charger for out in that low trafI got piled on in ask politics because some kid made a post like "Can someone explain to me why Trump's recent rule allowing buying drugs from Canada is actually bad? Because it doesn't make sense for him to do anything good when literally everything else he's done was evil"

And people actually chimed in making arguments like "This is actually awfDude, the charging stations are usually very low key and not really advertised. If you were a Tesla owner, however, you'd know that they are all strategically located along routes and into popular travel sites like resorts and national parks

url

They are all over Utah. You just don't realize it. Las Vegas to Salt Lake has 6 stations along the 400Ehhh it’s an integrated mount. If you have the money and it’s not a big deal, go for it. 15 miles of free energy a day is nice no matter what. It’s not something to rely on but it’s still nice, especially in an emergency situation where at the very least you’d only be stuck half the day. 

But obviously it’s not ideal and not financially optimal. BIt will easily buff out from being keyed. Those laser etchings could be buffed out as well. 

Plus if your Cybertruck isn't getting scratched up from the environment in general, you're a moron. It's designed to be rugged and outdoors. If you want it pristine all the time, I'll reflexively hate you as much as Escalade owners "Why did you buy a 4-wheThe fucking pandemic isn't their fault dude... people WANT casinos. People want leisure ativities. They want it so much, THIS ENTIRE TOWN was built on that. 

I'm sure you'd love to see the casinos die and then the whole town collapse. Hate the casinos all you want, but they are what keeps a town in the middle of the desert, with no water, high heaReminds me of when I'll be talking about extremists on the left and how wild it is to see that level of extreme... And then said extremist jumps in, defending their position as not extreme, and baffled that anyone would consider such. For instance, "Hey maybe antifa is just making things worse by creating violent situations and calling conservativePeople are making exactly what they should be making. That’s how the free market works. Maybe there are too many poeple going to college and not enough blue collar strip workers? Maybe they just have better union negotiations to get decent living wages?

Don’t take it out on them because you got a college degree and ended up getting shit on by the It’s not that easy. You can’t just tax your way into unlimited money. There are causes and effects. That requires a ton of tax on the wealthy, who now you’re takin money from who now will be avoiding taxes and leaving. And then you now have less investment into the economy because it’s all being taxed, and people aren’t making ‘stuff’ because they Oh plenty know more. Many many do. I think members of Congress knowing is getting more broad. It’s now becoming more mainstream for politicians themselves which is helping it develop. 

And yeah people will try to dismiss Tom saying “psshhh he didn’t personally even get that video blah blah someone else could have done it”. But the fact of the mattI mean I’m a leftist and a capitalist who makes really good money. But I want this shit to open up ASAP even though I’m doing just fine at home. I wouldn’t say CNN is lying because this is a big deal, but some people are just economic morons and selfish who don’t realize the long term impacts of this. 

I blame the leadership honestly. They couldn’Trump fucking made this fucking awful. He's literally going to cost us trillions of dollars due to his absolute incompetence. Not that he cares because he and all his friends are rich enough to not care. 

But yeah, I don't have an answer. But we have to try. We can't just sit back and watch it all fall apart. We need to be trying new things and exI remember when the atheist subreddit was up in arms because /r/Christianity was banning atheists who came in. They saw it as them "running from debate" or "too afraid to challenge their beliefs". Even as an anti-religious person, I saw this argument as retarded.

Like, are Christians not allowed to have their own space to talk about Christian shitWe really are in a tough place. We can't just further destroy our economy... I know people here will be like "Boo Hooo poor economy! People need to be SAFE!" But, the economy isn't some abstract external thing. It's made by people for people. People rely on the economy. We can't just destroy it, because that takes everyone down with it

I feel likeI mean, it's just common knowledge that powerful people fuck minors. Everyone knows this. 

The problem is politics, man. The right is weaponizing it for political gain, while the left is able to use that weaponization as a defense tactic like "Look at how they are framing this, obviously it's bullshit Republican propaganda"

And all the tribal parHonestly it's all thanks to NYT who did that big story on those confirmed crafts that pilot saw. 

The timeline is as follows

NYT reports on these objects and uses very credible sources, including people like Harry Reid and ranking military officials 

Members of congress are shocked to discover that there is a program seriously investigating thesDude... To confidently say it's a lie is ridiculous. It's an open secret that elites are fucking kids all the time. It's not a leap to think the most powerful people in the world like to fuck fresh teenagers. 

It's just stupid to think it's just Democrats behind it. Republicans are fucking the worst when it comes to sexual deviancy so they are proIt’s viewed as some right wing conspiracy because right wingers keep doing everything they can to make it all about democrats and exclusively just Dems, thus politicizing it. It looks like nothing other than just another BS right wing fabricated conspiracy like some birther bullshit. If you people came to terms that republicans are in on this shit I actually have taken the time to give a detailed, step-by-step breakdown of how to do what I do. After seeing so much bullshit in these forums, filled with wannabes, people just repeating basic shit that only sounds interesting to absolute novices, and absolutely vague to the point of being useless.

So I decided to make a clear, step-by-step blueAs a whole. Yeah. You have to look at the sum of the parts and the subsequent outcomes. 

I know you aren’t dumb. You understand what I’m saying and know I’m making a good point. You’re just trying to argue because you’re a partisan who refuses to admit anything outside your bias. 

Saudi Arabia has the most billionaires per capita in the world. SoNo. If you were under the impression we were talking about higher ed then I’m sorry because in no way did I insinuate that. Literally all the conversation was about public schools

Talking about higher education where only a tiny minority of privileged Americans can attend “good schools” seemed irrelevant to the discussion. I just didn’t think us hI don’t give a shit if someone gets a sex change. Literally not one bit. Doesn’t effect me. You’re making a lot of assumptions.  I just care about people and want what’s best for them.  You’ve made no cogent argument other than appeal to emotions and anger. You don’t address one bit why a doctor shouldn’t verify a condition before performing a procPeople often aren’t able to figure things out themselves. It’s WHY we have therapists. Is this person really trans or are they suffering from PTSD where they think changing their body will help them escape their trauma? Is this person just a butch lesbian who feels the only way to be a bitch lesbian is with testosterone? 

The whole reason we have Dude... You're an idiot if you think there is some vast European conspiracy to fake ALL the data to make American education look bad. Go to any school. IT's fucking trash. Standardized testing incevizes schools to pass all students, minimal punishment, and just push them through. These students graduate and they can hardly fucking read or do math. My ex's family is all in education. I wouldn't say it's ideology as much as general laziness and corruption. The whole liberal/conservative stuff is just drama nonsense. Schools have always been liberal. It's inherent with education 

The issue is it's ALL KPI driven. Everything. Every little thing has a metric that's being measured and judged. SchNo, it has to do with economic policy. Their tax system has driven jobs out, and others underground. Many "unemployed" still work, but off the books to avoid outrageous taxes. Others outright leave the country to find jobs. While others don't mind living off unemployment.

Saying the youth lack skills to enter the job market is silly. As if skills I agree... But centralization at the federal level has it's usefulness, just so long as it doesn't do stupid shit like standardization. The states should carry the bulk, and the Fed shouldn't be "mandating" anything -- side note: Most states funding from the fed is 8-10% of the budget, but those mandates that come with the money create more cost thDude it's literally not allowed in some states for a doctor to say, "I will not prescribe you hormones until you go to counselling for X months" - Because that's considered conversion therapy. 

Listen I'm a liberal and all for banning conversion therapy. Until I found out it's being spearheaded by transrights activist groups using the fundy christI literally never said it’s not broken.  I literally never said trump is a good guy. 

OP is saying that trump is never ever right about anything, and never did anything good, which is factually untrue, because even a broken clock can be right. 

That shows how biased and in the echo chamber op is. Even when the broken clock is right he’s listeningNo. 

What’s your point? So since you hate Trump, you’re willing to lie to yourself and just believe every little thing he does is evil and never once did anything good? You’re okay with lying to yourself so long as you don’t like the person?

I like to live in a factually based reality. I am not okay with just believing anything that suits my biasI feel like these protests would be more impactful in like LA. Being in already super progressive Portland just seems like preaching g to the choir. It’s like holding a Bernie Sanders ca Paige rally in Vermont. Just seems kind of like wasted energy 

IMO Portland is more about people bored with life looking for excitement and purpose, with nothing Like you I can agree that trump is a terribly awful president. He’s unpredictable, unreliable, chaotic, and just literally the worst leader we could have. 

That said, if someone claims he never ever did a good thing. They are in an echo chamber. That’s just the reality. Even if by accident or chance, trump has done some good things

The ONLY peoplEh... He's not wrong. America's education system is seriously the worst I've ever seen in my life among the developed world. Just shows how bad we are at fucking managing even simple tasks like education. Just like healthcare, we spend more than anyone else in the world, and still fail to deliver.

Go do some hiring in Germany, South Korea, or SpaiOkay? Maybe that's the case. 

OP is saying "Trump literally never did a single thing ever good. Tell me why what he did here is actually bad."

OP is eager for someone to spin him the story to once again be basically "Actually, this is why what Trump did is still bad." He's eager for spin. 

I'm not saying Trump is a good guy or knows what he's doIf that's how you view things, you're deep into an echo chamber. If you go to /r/politics they literally spend all day spinning things to make anything he does, no matter what, to seem evil and part of some greater agenda. It's like how I used to joke "If Obama cured cancer Republicans would attack him for killing medical jobs". The same is true wiYeah little ones like that upset me the most. Like when they say things like Trump said Mexicans are all rapists, or how he mocked a disabled reporter by gesturing like a handicap, or how he carelessly dumped fish food during a ceremony. These are all little nuanced things which are extremely misleading and only seem true if you go out of your way You’re an idiot if you think otherwise. He’s made EVs popular, helped disrupt and grow the residential solar industry, drastically brought down the cost of space travel, and is bringing internet to the the 50% of the planet which are too remote or too poor to get it. 

Oh but since he prevented unions from forming he’s literally the most evil guy eI just recently discovered that the bans in gay conversion therapy are backdoors from trans rights groups. When you hear ban on gay conversion therapy you think those fucked up fundamentalist camps and stuff. However these bans specifically impact doctors who want to try alternatives to sexual transitions of people. For instance if a doctor thinks Yeah, great advice, “just cut everyone out of your life and isolate yourself over this.” Fucking aye this sub is trash. You all act like it’s unreasonable for people to be suspicious over this. And that it’s unreasonable to want to look out for the guy just in case. Humans are social creatures, we are tribal, and getting curious about other people’This is why I hate this sub. It’s so disconnected from the real complications and nuances of real life. 

Sure no one is “entitled” to proof. But this is her life, people she interacts with, her network, etc... it’s smart socially to put this to rest. I’d definitely show at least a few people outside the family as witnesses so it would quell the ruThis completely ignores the restructuring. You’re scaling it out linear and not including all the different changes which would happen, such as reducing the vast amount of administrative overhead, more competitive drug prices, and economies of scale. 

Though I do agree a public option or hybrid system is probably best. I like the German model persI’d be curious to know more about your experience being radical woke. Like did you ever entertain different opinions? Did you feel pressured to just shut down other ideas? Did you ever try to honestly think about other things? Etc... I’d just be curious as to how you for,Ed that thought and what kept you so rigid with it. Like what tactics were useBruh... People believed stupid shit before social media. You're just more exposed to it because information is less fractured. You're acting like this stuff is new and widespread. The difference was, back in the past, crazy people just didn't have the internet and most people don't go rant about it wherever they go... So you just weren't aware of iOmg... Everyone has to stop blaming social media for everything. If anything, it's just the internet in general. 

150 years ago, information literally took weeks to months to transfer. The latency was insane, and even greater the further we go back. Now, it's almost instant.

Humans are creating a larger consciousness that's the collective of oursTheir "care" section is next to useless. It should be right there on the plant page so you know if you can grow it in your home. Instead they want you to go to another page and search it out. At that point, you may as well just google "plant name care" and get the first result. 

The only difference is they have reviews, which obviously OP can't geI think it’s because the logical answer is such an incredible claim. It’s so incredible you want absolute undeniable objective proof which can’t be dismissed at all. Like, it’s so obvious these are extra terrestrial, but you can’t just come out and admit that. It’s just too big of a claim. It’s a world changing claim. It’s the biggest claim ever. 
I agree it was a bad move. Funny how it took Trump rejecting it for liberals to finally warm up to it lol. 

That said it still has power. You’re acting like it’s meaningless. SEA countries are still trying to make the alliance work. They don’t like China and don’t want to get into their sticky power trap. They aren’t dumb and know what that means.It’s a legal protection move. China has only influence over company decisions, not legal protections. Even though the USA didn’t sign TPP, the rest of the alliance did, meaning Vietnam has adopted the legal measures required of it. Which means China can’t do shit when the western company gets screwed and goes after this Chinese company. They are ouNo way. The higher paycheck in the USA absolutely doesn’t make up for that. Not even remotely. It only makes up for it if you’re the top 15% of earners. The USA is fucking expensive with little benefits to show for it. Middle class in Europe is unbelievably better than the USA. Like it’s almost embarrassing. 

But my argument was quality of life. IInternational Business consultant insisted on advertising only on Instagram because it’s so popular 

It really blows me away on how people so poorly perceive the world. In his world he probably just thinks Instagram is popular thus the best place to market for everything. 

I tried to explain to him it’s a platform for vain teenagers obsessed withThere are degrees. Some more than others while some are outright funded and financed entirely as a political spin machine. For instance CMN and Fox clearly have biases for the left and right. But Fox’s entire existence is to take marching orders from the GOP to spin narratives and rally the base (republicans no matter what are always the good guys 