And then 10,000 people march around in the streets in all the major metropolitan centers across America shoulder to shoulder and you somehow convince yourself this is not a risk factor for spreading COVID-19. I've heard the term mental gymnastic before but this is crazy. AMERICA GET IT TOGETHER. IT'S CALLED PRIORITIZATION. GET THE PLAGUE FIXED THENFireworks are not toys they can kill and/or maim. "Fireworks were involved in an estimated 9,100 injuries treated in U.S. hospital
emergency departments during calendar year 2018 (95 percent confidence interval
7,000–11,100). The estimated rate of emergency department-treated injuries is 2.8
per 100,000 individuals in the United States." url If youThose are the literal defition of an Incedary IED From Wikipedia "Incendiary A device making use of exothermic chemical reactions designed to result in the rapid spread of fire for the purpose of creating a primary patho-physiological effect (morbidity and mortality), or secondary psychological effect (causing fear and behavior modification) on a lurl

"Incendiary
A device making use of exothermic chemical reactions designed to result in the rapid spread of fire for the purpose of creating a primary patho-physiological effect (morbidity and mortality), or secondary psychological effect (causing fear and behavior modification) on a larger population or it may be used with the intent of gaininSaying that the guy in the video seems mental handicapped and  looking to get reactions for veiws is not anything to do with the police. He's being a dickhead looking to get reactions from people for Internet points. It's all edited to shit who knows what happened really. I bet you're a big Micheal Moore fan. And looking at the guy's face makes me Holy fuck, an American that is willing to defend there country...that's all I wanted to see. Took a lot of shit talk.

EDIT: You should be grateful and proud of what you have accomplished as Americans. Not tearing yourselves apart like a schizophrenic badger with ADHD. You should take your country back from all the assholes in the media that make mI'm in Canada fully enjoying watching the dumpster fire next door. You fuckin Americans are fuckin doomed. Enjoy! It's like you have the mind of a dog. The next shiny thing will come along and you will get sucked up into it. One day you might think to yourself "have I been tricked Have I been getting played like a cheap fiddle." I guarantee you thaI'd lick his boots if he saved my child's life you stupid cunt. Like a guy did a good thing. I got the feeling you don't have kids and never will. You fuckin' monster can't be happy a baby's life is saved. Fuck you I hope you catch a rubber bullet to the eye you prick. Go brush your teeth, you useless sociopathic douche'. You're what's wrong with tA police officer is typically a general-purpose law enforcement officer. Most police officers have a specific jurisdiction and cannot work outside their town or city. A sheriff is an elected position and is usually a ceremonial officer that meets certain needs within a county. A U.S. Marshal is a much more specific job. As a marshal, you provide seIt's Serbia, not the good old USA dummy. They have different laws. What in the heck do you know about Serbian law? Give me a break kid. Basing your opinions on anecdotal evidence is not the best way to make decisions. Feels great to make decisions based on a video clip but if you look at the history of Serbia, which I'm sure you never have it mightIn theory, you could have a handgun but......

1. Pass Canadian Firearms Safety Course (6-month waiting list minimum)

2. Pass the Canadian Restricted Firearms Safety Course(God knows how long you would have to wait for this.)

3. You may not carry them on your person

4. They can only be for the purpose of target shooting or collecting

5. You mayHow many people died in the French Revolution?
Under this system, at least 40,000 people were killed. As many as 300,000 Frenchmen and women (1 in 50 Frenchmen and women) were arrested during a ten-month period between September 1793 and July 1794. I think you should finish the chapter on the french revolution. And guess what they ended up with NapWell, it's almost like we shouldn't let the digital mob make decisions for us. No, No, I'm crazy the MOB always gives the best justice. Why did we even make laws in the first place? They're so dumb. We have the MOB now that can dole out digital justice based on blurry iPhone videos. Ruin lives, who cares MOB is always right. Due process, screw thatA lot of outside interests see that Reddit drives political discourse to a certain extent. That being so, outside political organizations pay people to maintain a shit ton of accounts to spew the message they want to get out there. These accounts are usually very new like the OP's We call them shills here on reddit and they come out like crazy everOr a video of "racist old lady" getting her shit kicked in. It is elderly abuse. I saw a video with no context that showed a 6-foot tall black woman that was Mabey 30 years old beat the living shit out of an elderly woman in a store. The people in the thread were like "das wut you git fo beenin racist." I swear to god. The video did not show anyoneWow, what you said to me is just like rape. Don't get too upset it is just an analogy. I'd save the rape analogies for something more important, bud. I am literally the dictionary definition of in·dig·nant
/inˈdiɡnənt/
adjective
feeling or showing anger or annoyance at what is perceived as unfair treatment.

You glibly bring up rape comparisons in Well, the people that paid for it saw it at some point in time I assume. Oh, wait Frederick Douglass spoke as the keynote speaker at the dedication service on April 14, 1876, with President Ulysses S. Grant in attendance. Are you gonna tell Frederick Motherfuckin Douglass that? You don't even know who he is, do you....go look it up on google. You kSheriffs are elected officials in their counties. They serve four-year terms between elections. You can't fire a sheriff for fuck sake. Is there a gas leak in your house? You have no idea in the world what you're talking about, being upvote by people who have no idea. I swear to god. If you don't know something keep your mouth shut. People will seeYou just have to dodge 2 bullets and 3 taser strikes then if the perp keeps shooting shout a firm "Please stop you could hurt someones feeling if you are not careful. We the Atlanta PD love and respect your rights." If the perp continues to shoot make attempts to put a flower in the barrel of perps gun (be very careful in doing so). If all attemptsYou just have to dodge 2 bullets and 3 taser strikes then you are allowed to unholster your gun. If the perp keeps shooting shout a firm "Please stop you could hurt someones feeling if you are not careful. We the Atlanta PD love and respect your rights." If the perp continues to shoot make attempts to put a flower in the barrel of perps gun (be verYou just have to dodge 2 bullets and 3 taser strikes then you are allowed to unholster your gun. If the perp keeps shooting shout a firm "Please stop you could hurt someones feeling if you are not careful. We the Atlanta PD love and respect your rights." If the perp continues to shoot make attempts to put a flower in the barrel of perps gun (be verOnce they lay off/fire all their experienced police and investigators. It would be pretty tough to replace all that experience and local knowledge. Once all the people that have lost their minds shut up and the level headed prevail (hopefully) people are going to be feeling pretty unintelligent when you turn Minneapolis into Detroit 2.0 Who is goinSorry for the pith. You make a very reasonable argument. I just the worry mob mentality I've been seeing in people. The cops are a mob of there own. Can you imagine the "locker room talk" in the police barracks "Boy we gonna pepper ball some hipster yee haw!". The police are outnumbered and they know it. I think the cops are scared and are overreacHoly shit, a well written, well thought out rebuttal on Reddit?!?! Do my eyes deceive me? You have a point. Slogans have a great deal of power and meaning. But the meaning of a slogan can be interpreted in any number of ways. Eat the rich...Well, that guy's got more money than me so I guess he's dinner. Love, life and the pursuit of happiness...I lY'know the thing about a shark, he's got... lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll's eyes. When he comes at ya, doesn't seem to be livin'... until he bites ya. And those black eyes roll over white, and then... oh, then you hear that terrible high-pitch screamin', the ocean turns red, and spite of all the poundin' and the hollerin', they all come inBusiness

Huawei Office Building in Ireland
In April 2000, Ireland and China initiated an “Agreement for the Avoidance of Double Taxation "; they also signed "Agreement on Scientific and Technological Cooperation" in the following September.[1] These documents helped the two nations developing their foreign relations and economic growth by increasiIt's crazy to me that people believe some guy in his basement with no training or experience over doctors and health care professionals. Most of the conspiracy videos are 480p webcams with terrible audio from shitty basements. If you can't figure out how to set the autofocus or even a way to get audio levels sorted out you're not that bright (therePuppy play like this leads to unwanted behavior in adult dogs. If you let them bite you they will look at you like your a big chew toy. Things that have your smell will be looked at like extensions of a toy. Ever wonder why a dog chews your favorite shoes and not some other random thing? They associate your smell with "toy". Use ropes and actual do01101000 01110100 01110100 01110000 01110011 00111010 00101111 00101111 01110111 01110111 01110111 00101110 01110010 01100001 01110000 01101001 01100100 01110100 01100001 01100010 01101100 01100101 01110011 00101110 01100011 01101111 01101101 00101111 01100011 01101111 01101110 01110110 01100101 01110010 01110100 00101111 01101110 01110101 01101101Those are your biases. What backdrop? Jesus man you can't just word salad your way out with buzz words. "Art critics who had favorable opinions about the painting, such as Gertrude Stein and Christopher Morley, also assumed the painting was meant to be a satire of rural small-town life. It was thus seen as part of the trend toward increasingly critOh, I had no idea. Had you ever heard of the dutch [the dutch slave traders?](url) Or the fact that people in your country are willing to go to jail to use [blackface](url)? There is [Dutch doctor 'fathered 49 children' in IVF scandal](url). Also, they have that money laundering for Russian thing (An investigation into Danske Bank this month found The people o the plane did not think they were going to be run into a fuckin building. They thought it was a hijacking. Before 9/11 people would occasionally hijack planes with the intention of getting them to fly them to another country or negotiate for demands. Most of the people on the plane would have no fucking clue they were going to be run iThe great famine was brought to my attention in 2011 when I read Mao: The Unknown Story by Jung Chang and Jon Halliday. Chang and Halliday put the numbers of death due to the great famine at 70 million. I thinking discretion the best course choose the smaller but more well-sourced number from the Wikipedia article of 30 to 45 million. Is your straw"Prior to the fall of the USSR and the archival revelations, some historians estimated that the numbers killed by Stalin's regime were 20 million or higher."Grow up read a book maybe Stalin is wearing a nice coat but he killed 20 million of his own people. Reddit is the only place you will see people glorifying Stalin. You think because he is weariCan hear you from your superyacht Leo "The superyacht measures a total of 453 feet in length with a cost of more than $200 million in USD to build and an estimated value of $678 million.*** This isn’t the biggest yacht that Mr. DiCaprio has chartered***, but it’s likely to be one of the most luxurious. The yacht is powered by four M90 diesel engine"The Nazis were left-wing socialists. Yes, the National Socialist Workers Party of Germany, otherwise known as the Nazi Party, was indeed socialist and it had a lot in common with the modern left. Hitler preached class warfare, agitating the working class to resist “exploitation” by capitalists , particularly Jewish capitalists, of course. Their prI don't trust xi jinping/winnie the poohs dictatorship. I feel like they may not have my best interests in mind. I'm pretty sure they have Muslim "re-education camps".  the chinese sold melamine laced baby food to save money they have fake vaccines on their internal market. If they would do that shit to there own people I can imagine the shit they Get your facts, straight dude. Don't come at with that weak rhetoric with nothing to back you up to other than bad manners "a Twitter account that appears to belong to Betts retweeted extreme left-wing and anti-police posts, as well as tweets supporting Antifa, or anti-fascist, protesters." Now crap on my sources that's part of the playbook right?
I'm not alt-right I think the media on both sided is to blame. It's called yellow journalism (journalism that is based upon sensationalism and crude exaggeration.) Yellow journalism literally caused the Spanish American war. In jouranalism, you are the product. They (the media) are whipping the public into a frenzy for clicks. "If it bleeds it leadWhat about the other shooter that was an Antifa supporter? Do we need to bring to the forefront the Antifa shooter? Like dude are you human do you know the other shooter wanted to kill border agents does that no register with you like can you talk about that? What the fuckin deal man the other shooter had opposite views. Why is this not a problem aWhy do you think the White Nationalist Movement is in the news all the sudden? It's the 2 shootings that happened. There is a thing called context that is very important. The mass shooting is not the exclusive realm of white nationalist. The Dayton shooter supported Antifa and was a left-leaning guy that wanted to kill border agents. I'm not sure w I think higher-ups in the left and right are working together to confuse the general public. I think most people having their consent manufactured by mass media. I think fox news and cnn work together to push there corporate masters agenda and Trump is a distraction. I think you all bought is hook line and sinker and you cannot see the forest throGary Cohn is a piece of human garbage here's a quote by Cohn "During the two years of the financial crisis, Goldman Sachs lost $1.2 billion in its residential mortgage-related business. We did not 'bet against our clients', and the numbers underscore this fact." Also, he is the kind of guy you people normally hate Cohn's salary at Goldman Sachs wasThey seem to have an uncontrolled negative pavlovian response to anything Trump does. I don't think most of the people here are aware of the training they have received through the manufacturing of consent. They are like cats chasing a laser pointer. You go and do what you are told and you don't even understand how controlled you are. If you don't Believe it or not, I know this is tuff to get your head around but some people may not have seen this before...♫ dun dun dun ♪ ♫. The 1000+ people that upvoted it have not seen it before I assume. Also if people have seen too much of something on reddit they....... ♫ dun dun duh ♫ downvote it. Thank for stating the obvious but go now and use your aThe 1953 coupe was over 65 years ago man. If it was 1953 today that would be the same as saying they should not have done something in 1887. That's like getting mad at Dwight D. Eisenhower for something Grover Cleveland did. Get over, it if they really as a country wanted to change they have hade lots of time to do it. Give up the nuclear program aShit man, the thing is they wont even let you post if your karma is to low on THIS sub of all the places on reddit smh. I tried originally to post this with my alt account (the account I really speak my mind with) this is my "nice guy account" that I follow all the norms with. I'm more worried about the fact that on /r/unpopularopinion they wont leThey're going to have him go on tour as a hologram singing dancing. He and Tupac do an amazing rendition of ebony and Ivory. I heard they're selling the hair out of his combs too... You can have a picture taken in front of his corpse with his crying widow for 5 bucks. His hospital bed sheets are going 2 for one. Christ. They could grind his bones uPeople can say whatever they want but I know. You know. Everybody knows they did not "get" Trump with that investigation there are no charges. It's a big loss I know it hurts. Trump is not the Devil or The God Emporer he's just a guy. He's got one hell of a job ahead of him. It's your country stop shitting all over each other it makes you all look Honestly I could give one fuckin shit about a cow getting roughed up in a slaughter house. I care about my dogs and cats but I would not spend a ton of money to take them to the vet. We have a vet here it's called tie your dog to a tree and shoot it. I am a psychopath when it come to animals. I would not let it suffer if it was within my very limit"And even then, there's less white Christian violence than brown Muslim violence, and hood rats, relative to population.

And you're obviously lying, just to be dramatic and scream about evil whitey, since there's definitely much more whites with qualms about animalistic bloodshed and murder.

Much ore than brown Muslims and definitely more than blIridescence (also known as goniochromism) is the phenomenon of certain surfaces that appear to gradually change colour as the angle of view or the angle of illumination changes. Examples of iridescence include soap bubbles, butterfly wings and seashells, as well as certain minerals. It is often created by structural coloration (microstructures that&gt; First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a socialist.
&gt; 
&gt; Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a trade unionist.
&gt; 
&gt; Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a Jew.
&gt; 
&gt; Then they came for me—and there was no oFirst they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out—
     Because I was not a socialist.

Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out—
     Because I was not a trade unionist.

Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—
     Because I was not a Jew.

Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for(source) url#Homicide According to the US Department of Justice, African Americans accounted for  52.5% of all homicide offenders from 1980 to 2008, with European Americans 45.3% and "Other" 2.2%. The offending rate for African Americans was almost 8 times higher than European Americans, and the victim rate 6 times higher. 

I think You are quite pI don't give a care about your rules your sub works on pumping out spoilers. I blocked your garbage sub. We will see what happens to that garbage heap of a "sub" 6 months from now your sub will be gone from the front page forever. block me please I would appreciate it. Is that a "cool story". Please stop contacting me or I will report you for haras“My fellow Americans! I am running for office because I think the political process needs a little stiff competition! It needs new bleedership! It needs someone like ME in the Fright House! But, you may ask, aren’t there a few skeletons in your closet? Sure there are! And a vampire or two, and a werewolf! What of it? At least I’m not like the man iThese guys know that the astronauts are dead. Running around in circles does not help anything. Screaming and getting emotional works in movies. These guys are motherfuckin professionals. You want someone to come in there like Gordan Ramsay and scream about whose fault it is. Fuck that. Do you want to have your surgeon screaming and crying when he What do I mean by ‘who am I’? Okay, okay, calm down, calm down, get a grip now. Ooh, this is an interesting sensation. What is it? It’s a sort of a tingling in my… well, I suppose I better start finding names for things. Let’s call it a… tail! Yeah! Tail! And hey, what’s this roaring sound, whooshing past what I’m suddenly gonna call my head? Wind!They can keep it. Americans are not the world police. They have never had anything in a desert go their way...well desert storm went as well as it could go, I guess. Anywho, war and soldiers are the wrong way to go about trying to promote real positive lasting change in a nation. A nation has to work shit out for themselves. If you are attacked you