It takes time for your money to multiply. If you reduce all utilitarian giving down to simple one off instances (like donating food), then sure, it’s better to invest and give more later. But what is the value in more research today vs 60 years from now? Can more research today accelerate the research 60 years from now? Can policies be written/chanI've never said a statue should never be removed under any circumstances. 

But like, it's clearly a different circumstance, and I know it's an easy "but what about Hitler" argument to go to, but it's not a fair one. Quite a lot could be said about the differences, but I really don't want to delve deep into the time differences, attitudes at the tiI heard that removing a statue does literally nothing to benefit anyone here. It’s not like their was a cult of Columbus worshipers that met at his statue every night to fill in his footsteps of every negative thing he did. No ones winning here, except those who thought that removing a statue is important. They’ll feel great, but for accomplishing Just because I know I would disagree with your answer doesn't mean the question is disingenuous... 

And you're right, I don't think any real argument can be made for anyone else. You haven't even responded to my simple rebuttal of John Williams. If you had a good argument for him, surely you would be able to muster some sort of defense? Or was youIt's a bit hard for me to take that answer seriously. You take John williams out, and you still have a Star Wars movie with a classical score, just (probably) not as good as John Williams Version.

You take George Lucas out, you have no Star Wars movie at all. Not to mention that George Lucas hired John Williams... 

I guess there's no real way to Lowe's and Home depot have valuable items that yes, are essential for some of the population. I don't know how much of actual business during that time was essential, but It's probably not a good idea to close stores that can provide actual necessary parts to you, if you need them. 

Best buy, maybe not so much, but I wonder how much of their busin&gt;Okay, but george lucas is by far the biggest reason for the success behind star wars.

Do you agree or disagree with this? This was my initial contribution to the conversation. In the sense of tallying up % of contribution of each person, yes, someone else contributing more of this % means someone else (in this case, Lucas), receives less.   

The studio placing budget limitations on a movie they are funding is not remotely close to an argument against Lucas's contribution. Come on dude.   


Yeah, most of the board didn't really get it, but he had a friend in Alan Ladd, and almost complete creative control of the project. As far as I know, I can't think of anything Fox specifically madeYes, please get back to me with much more sources. Not ones that prove you wrong when you scroll down a bit (although, I wouldn't mind haha).  


Sorry for replying in two posts, accidentally pressed enter earlier.   


The context of my  "(as in, optionally temporarily closed)", is speaking to non-essentially businesses that were forced to close. Hey man, look at your the link you just provided. "here are 7 states that did not issue a stay at home order" 

Arkansas listed first. Then if you just scroll down a bit... it says, and I QUOTE. "Arkansas

        See also: Government responses to and political effects of the coronavirus pandemic, 2020 (Arkansas) and Debate in Arkansas over responsWhat control did fox specifically had? 

Have you read the making of star wars books by J.W. Rinzler? Or watched any documentaries regarding the making of these movies? I feel like you're parroting an opinion you read online vs anything else &gt;

George lucas created it, he literally created it. Out of thin air. He wrote the story, he commissioned&gt;With all due respect, your feelings are wrong. Much of the country did not lock down - that's just a fact.   


Do you really think it's a good argument to say, "you're wrong, that's a fact." But provide no evidence for it??? Come on dude, I think any notion of this conversation being productive goes out the window with that type of discourse. I feel like at some point, almost all of the nation was locked down. When things started opening back up, yes there were (and still are) discrepancies and what are open between states. Not to mention, I'm sure the actual traveling between states has been minimal in these cases (when speaking in terms of our total population)

I'm not sure how many Do you have any actual sources that say that testing is purposely being withheld to make the numbers look “better.” Why would we test higher last week if the government wanted to keep case numbers low? Seriously, show me some actual fucking proof of this. Or perhaps your own politics are clouding your judgement on a situation that you think Shouldnoh my haha. Do you think any argument where you can put in "what about" equals a whataboutism? What about these other factors that make your point completely incorrect? What about this paper that beyond a shadow of a doubt proves you're wrong? Don't you see how ridiculous that sounds?   


OP's argument was predicated on science saying one thing. MYou're right, economic, social, and mental health are in no way related to physical health. Reduced cancer screenings have no effect on physical health, you're totally right. Increased alcoholism? Nah, never been linked to physical health. Increased suicides during lock down? Irrelevant, those lives aren't valuable. 

Enjoy the thought bubble reddi"science says we need to stay locked down"

"Science doesn't say that, because no hard science has attempted to evaluate overall quality of life, that includes all factors - economic, social, mental, etc"

"a simple google search would tell you science has done that"

"prove it"

"links papers that strictly talks about deaths from covid, does not eYou can comb through my 6+ year comment history and see that I have not once said fake news. 

But I guess its easier to attack me than actually prove your claims. Crazy. 

Btw, a google search does not yield any actual results. I dont know of any studies that actually tried to estimate the impact of higher alcoholism, overdoses, suicides, unemployNo one said it isnt his right. He has every right to do whatever he wants, thats not under discussion. 

However his attitude here and his responses here show an incredible level of immaturity when it comes to relationships. We all settle in some way or another, if you’ve dated a few people there are always going to be qualities some partners have You're 15, it's totally normal at that age to be insecure, especially when talking to girls. It takes a long time to become who you are and more confident in many aspects in life. If you have healthy masturbation habits (no porn, not doing it excessively), I wouldn't fight yourself too hard to not masturbate at all. But it is possible that not mastAt the very least, it's important to not force it. So, if your libido is shot, you shouldn't be forcing yourself to masturbate. That I think is one of the most harmful things you can do. It's important to listen to your body.   


Not fapping will help increase your libido, but it maxes at about a week break from fapping. So, if you still don't seeIt can. It helps if you masturbate to just thoughts of her, and not more than once a day for sure. That would be the healthiest way to do it.   


But yeah, say you were masturbating a ton everyday and especially a lot to porn,  your brain would not be as attracted to your girlfriend. It wouldn't have the sexual energy it would have otherwise, plusI don't think this is the right type of mindset to have. Having a high sex drive should be a good thing. Just make sure you aren't overdoing unhealthy habits, like masturbating to porn. As far as I know, there's nothing to reduce sex drive short of some anti-depressants and eating horribly. Both things are absolutely not worth it. Focus on healthy I mean, many unemployed were making more money unemployed than they were employed. Many, possibly most, were given a fairly large financial net here. I do agree with the premise, but not sure how much it applied here. Plus regardless, stay at home order is not easy even in finances are not an issue. Were not meant to live a minimal life like lockdoThe CDC is not the end all be all when it comes to symptomatic death rate, youre correct. But when you make a claim that the experts at the CDC are over 1000% off on their estimates, you better fucking back that up with some actual evidence from reputable sources. You have utterly and completely failed to do so despite being asked multiple times. WLol wtf. How is this still up for discussion. I linked the CDC, which is saying you are incorrect by an order of magnitude. The CDC, which I will remind you, you just used as a source for diamond princess numbers. I also offered you a chance to find any reputable source talking about the symptomatic fatality rate closer to 5%. You didnt. The data wIt seems a bit odd to me that you sidestepped my source on herd immunity, and just say " My data supports a 70-90% infected population to get heard immunity. I went with the lower value."  


It is a bit concerning that you felt that was an appropriate response. I could write the same "my data shows you need a 10% infected population for herd immunIf you think they havent, see comments for wisconsin, georgia, sweden, and yes, Florida. Florida has been reopening for months now, so glad we have people like you to say “AHA” when ever cases go up at any point of time past reopening. 

If you watched the press conference two days ago, you would know the median age of a positive test has drasticalSeriously, shes MAYBE considering paying for her THIRTEEN year old sisters tuition? Out of 8 million dollars? Are you fucking kidding me? How can anyone read this and not think OP is at least a bit slightly an asshole? I know this sub is ridiculous, but the amount of agreement on NTA is astounding. 

Grandpa says fuck it and gives it all to her, anThis is so annoying and it's peak fucking reddit. 

Original Comment speaks to states blowing up due to the relaxing of lockdown restrictions. 

I speak to that, saying, hey, this isn't true across the board. There are many states, like Georgia and Wisconsin, that have relaxed restrictions and aren't "blowing up." 

Then you come in and say im "cheIncredibly, none of that answered my question. I will pose it again, why does pointing out issues of causality equate to cherry picking? Either clarify or rescind your statement. 

Furthermore, note the original comment did not say “trend in the wrong direction.” They said other states are “blowing up.” I usually don’t interpret those two to mean tAh yes, because isolation is certainly not linked in any meaningful metric to an increase in suicides. But ur right, we cant survey the dead for the exact reasoning of why they killed themselves, so I guess we can just throw that point out the window! Hell maybe it was just random chance! Forget probabilities and statistics, we can’t prove anythingYour argument does not reflect pointing out the fallacy of that binary. If you wanted to say reality was more nuanced and the specific conditions that allowed one and not the other were not contradictory, then fucking do that. Dont come to me after and pretend your lack of logical thought was all part of some fuckin 14 yr old plan to get on their lElon, unfortunately id say, figured out the secret to marketing these days. Lie and deal with the consequences later. Ive talked to people who thought Teslas could actually fully drive themselves. The FSD video they released on their website in 2016 is blatant false advertising. Elon gets the headlines, reaps the rewards, and deals with the (extremUh, if they say something is being released at a specific time, and its not released in that time, that is, in the absolute literal sense of the word, a factually incorrect claim. 

Besides, there are numerous other examples that aren’t deadline related. Model S pricing, battery swapping, getting rid of referral supercharging credit “forever.” And Oh right, im sure that cybertruck cost is thoroughly vetted. Just like the release date for the Tesla Semi. Just like the 35k model 3 and full self driving being a year away, 6 years ago. Oh yeah and isnt this the year where a million tesla robotaxis are supposed to be on the road? 

Can’t believe people take what this company says seriously at thiEveryone always takes the kindest interpretation to what OP says, who keep in mind is telling this story through his lens. You shouldnt rewrite how something was said to fit a narrative you’re making up based on incomplete information from one side of a story. Maybe OP actually meant shes a lot uglier now than she was when she was 22. Maybe OP’s anIt was the next day. Two weeks ago, saturday night hit downtown hard. The next day, sunday (and that night), was when it spread to other communities. There were quite a bit of police downtown that day, probably a bit too much (since most of the damage was already done), but even if those officers were reallocated I think the impact on the looting wSo is this automatic or what? Are people flagged as having kids in their video and then revenue is withheld until a trust is set up? What if its not their kid in the video? Are the kids entitled to the revenue evenly, despite possible unfair contribution? How do you think those lawsuits would look like in court? You think youtube is going pay legalThat is not at all a fair comparison. Many people who died with Covid were months away from dying. Something like 40% of all deaths were in nursing homes. In terms of expected years of life lost, the two aren’t comparable. 

Plus, regardless, if reopening leads to a meaningful increase in death, then we would say that outcome consistently across alJust because its someones job doesn't mean mistakes won't be made, which seems to be the point you were getting at. Because if it wasn't that, then the comparison makes no sense at all. Even brain surgeons make mistakes some times too, despite it being their job.   


There are 700,000 police officers in the US. There's probably millions protesting\&gt; Yeah, and if you suck at your job you get punished or fired. Cops don’t.   


\&gt; Notably, I never claimed that some cops aren’t held accountable. You  just spun that to suit your own hostility and short sightedness.   


\&gt; It happens, but it’s obviously not the normal operating procedure in America.   


\&gt; Yeah, and if you suck at Oh please. Your first comment ends with, " Who are the good cops then? The ones who either quit or are fired for refusing to do the job "

Which implies there are zero good cops. Sorry if I don't take you seriously when quoting such a ridiculous fucking quote. There are 700k + Police officers in the US. They span the fucking country, meaning they'rLol you really think these protests would be better if police werent around at all??? Should they just let everyone loot, burn, and destroy property? Yes, many protests are peaceful, but many use it as a cover for more heinous acts. A police presence needs to be their whether you like it or not.

And no, obviously any unneeded action taken on proteThere are hundreds of different ways people can protest that are much more effective and safer than looting and destroying property. It is stupid that many people are forgiving it as if its for some noble cause. How tf is burning down central camera aiding the cause? Was central camera the epicenter of a racist institution? Big Central Camera was kIt is baffling why Lori didn't call in more national guard. The police chief just mentioned how looters were trying to distract police in order to attack police stations. Like we could have easily had a lot of national guardsmen protecting the police stations, to allow police to go prevent more looting. But, we activated so few national guard. LikeIt feels like our city’s leaders have really botched this situation. 

I walked around Mag Mile today, astonished at all the damage I saw. I walked by a group of police officers, one of them saying, "We weren't prepared last night." And thinking back, I agree.

We didn't set up a curfew until an hour before 9 last night. Other cities implemented onOh come on. Looting shit isnt raising awareness for a cause. You dont bring a u haul truck downtown and loot everywhere and everything for a cause. Are the shootings for a cause too? 

It is 100% backwards, this 100% hurts the movement. These arent peaceful protestors looking to enact change. These are people using the moment as an excuse to fuck sHow am I condemning you?

I pointed out that I saw a lot of looting yesterday, and I did not see what you said happened. 

I really dont understand what anyone expects me, who went alone, to do in that situation. With tensions this high, do you really think it would be smart for me to try to stop large groups of people from looting? There were liteI agree that a face covering is better than none at all, but let's not pretend it's something it's not (something guaranteed to prevent spread of infection).   


Holding breath is probably a lot better than wearing a mask. Yes, it's not as visible, which is a problem in terms of comfort ability of others. As I stated above though, I will go out of&gt;By your own admission you are not following the guidelines if you do this. 

I felt it was obvious I was referring to all other guidelines...

&gt;Sorry that we're making you feel bad, but I feel uncomfortable when runners run within six feet of me without a mask.

A mask doesn't prevent transmission. It probably helps, to varying degree's depe&gt;I've heard this exact claim several times with ZERO citations.   


Do you realize how silly it is to capitalize ZERO in this situation, when there's no studies either way? I mean, this goes both ways. Let's see your citations that measure the spread of asymptomatic people passing others outside in a fleeting moment.   


There are tremendous qI never want to bother anyone. I've gone running a few times recently, and I don't wear a mask while doing so because it's incredibly uncomfortable to breath heavily through a mask. 

I usually stay over 6 feet away when passing people, probably even morso, like 10 feet. After all, I don't want them thinking I'm putting them at even remote risk, I What really bothers me is how the narrative immediately changed from flattening the curve to whatever the fuck it is now. Hospitals were never even close to being overloaded, and we will see it trend long before they are. Somehow the narrative and policy shifted for unexplainable reasons but no one seems to care. We don’t have any evidence this locWhere in that does it say the incidence rate of permanent damage to young people? Come on dude, you're wasting mine and your time with this shit. 

All that says is that some patients with severe Pneumonia from covid-19 may have permanent damage, and that elderly patients are more likely to have permament damage. We know a hard bout of Pneumonia caIt's simple really, I'd like you to link an article that talks about the incidence rate of permanent lung damage to young people. It's literally just supporting your claim. If you have actual evidence of your claim, then post it. If Permanent lung damage is only prevalent in .00000001% of young people that get it, it's not a very strong argument noThe point is we have a multitude of mitigation techniques, with varying degree's of success. You don't need a fucking island. Can you speak to the rate of transmission when following these protocols? No, you can't. Plus, Lloyd wasn't talking about only people in nursing homes. There are other at-risk groups that are able to significantly limit theiI can't help but laugh lol.   
You need sources that online transaction costs are not , on average 10%?  Is that seriously something you need "evidence" for. The evidence for that is abundant, here's a starter.   
[url](url)   
[url](url) 

#### "Which payment methods are supported?

The  Epic Games store supports credit cards, Paypal, and a varietThe only prompt answer you can keep is the “I take pride in” one. The other two need work. You geek out on animated shows/movies and video games? Thats great, but it really doesnt say much. Say you geek out about video games, animated media, and list a bunch more and add some personality ideally.

Your travel one is also pretty bland and boring. OkBecause this sub is and always has been a joke. There are so many holes in the sticked fuckepic for dummies thread its not even funny. But no one cares about that, or logic or reason, because fuck epic the end. Thats why the sub is called r/fuckepic, a name fitting of the mindset of the 12 year olds that made it. Its been over a year and a half, je