YTA

I don´t think the child is an AH because he is a child and we don´t know if he may have any underlying conditions. And a parent going mama/papa bear when their child is hurt is also extremely normal.

I would argue that you shouldn´t be correcting the manners of children you don´t know in the first place. But assuming you really felt entitled Well, start having frequent talks about protection, consent, self-love, sexuality, the difference between doing sexual activities with someone of her own age and with adults, etc.

I would buy her a box of condoms, explain to her how to use it, the importance of using it, etc. And I would also bring her to a gynecologist to discuss a second or a thI don´t know about the other stuff. But breaking stuff just seem something that happens to clumsy people (which include many adults and most children).

Maybe instead of punishing him find ways that you can avoid the behavior from repeating. For example, buy him sensorial toys and say that when he wants to fidget with something he can get those. OrI remember that I was around the age I started finding toys and open-play boring as well.

I would bring a new book to school every-day and read it (200-400 pages), and when I arrived home, I would usually use the computer to play videogames, research topics I found interesting, etc.

I believe they have outgrown the toys phase and need other formsI am pretty sure the courts would allow them to do it as an emergency response to the virus.

Considering they have to lay off clients or hire extra staff to keep the classroom smaller, have to pay extra hours so the staff can stay behind and disinfect the entire place, buy protection equipment and extra cleaning products, etc.

I would say it is pIn normal situations, I agree. But if daycare is taking proper COVID safety measures I believe that is totally reasonable.

A responsible place would have to buy protection equipment to the employees, pay extra hours so they can stay behind to disinfect the place, hire 2-3 times more staff or reduce their number of clients to maintain a low-ratio, First, get therapy. ALL of you should get both family and individual therapy to deal with the trauma.

May I ask how they broke into the house? I would start by having window/door alarms and installing security cameras around the perimeter.

If you live in a dangerous neighborhood I would also consider putting security metal bars in the windows andIf you can afford a child therapist would help him a lot.

I am not sure if kids his age can take medication, but I would also make an appointment with a psychiatrist specialized in children just to be sure.

Other things you could try are enforcing 8 hours (minimum) regular sleep schedule and include aerobic activities in your routine (go bike witUnfortunately I do know people with autism who have the mentality of a 3 years old, are aggressive and require constant supervision.

That’s why it’s called a spectrum. Some are high functioning and totally able to live a normal life. But unfortunately people usually forget that autism not always the same.

And fuck you if you don’t vaccinate your I can 100% assure is that 8 hours a day IS NOT enough to pass on medicine in Brazil. Most students do at least 12 hours a day for 2-3 years before passing.

Our standarized test is a mixture of AP Bio, AP Chem, Algebra 1/Algebra2/Geometry/Pre-calculus, Physics, AP Human Geography, AP World History (and Brazilian history), Philosophy, Sociology and I can 100% assure is that 8 hours a day IS NOT enough to pass on medicine in Brazil. Most students do at least 12 hours a day for 2-3 years before passing.

Our standarized test is a mixture of AP Bio, AP Chem, Algebra 1/Algebra2/Geometry/Pre-calculus, Physics, AP Human Geography, AP World History (and Brazilian history), Philosophy, Sociology and I can 100% assure is that 8 hours a day IS NOT enough to pass on medicine in Brazil. Most students do at least 12 hours a day for 2-3 years before passing.

Our standardized test is a mixture of AP Bio, AP Chem, Algebra 1/Algebra2/Geometry/Pre-calculus, Physics, AP Human Geography, AP World History (and Brazilian history), Philosophy, Sociology andI can 100% assure is that 8 hours a day IS NOT enough to pass on medicine in Brazil. Most students do at least 12 hours a day for 2-3 years before passing.

Our standarized test is a mixture of AP Bio, AP Chem, Algebra 1/Algebra2/Geometry/Pre-calculus, Physics, AP Human Geography, AP World History (and Brazilian history), Philosophy, Sociology and I can 100% assure is that 8 hours a day IS NOT enough to pass on medicine in Brazil. Most students do at least 12 hours a day for 2-3 years before passing.

Our standarized test is a mixture of AP Bio, AP Chem, Algebra 1/Algebra2/Geometry/Pre-calculus, Physics, AP Human Geography, AP World History (and Brazilian history), Philosophy, Sociology and I can 100% assure is that 8 hours a day IS NOT enough to pass on medicine in Brazil. Most students do at least 12 hours a day for 2-3 years before passing.

Our standarized test is a mixture of AP Bio, AP Chem, Algebra 1/Algebra2/Geometry/Pre-calculus, Physics, AP Human Geography, AP World History (and Brazilian history),  Philosophy, Sociology andI personally wouldn´t be comfortable with a 8 years old walking 5 minutes alone.

In a group of friends? Sure, safe enough. Alone? Too much can hapen.

About explaining to her. I would focus on the fact her friend is changing and that the even if she remained in her current school her friend wouldn´t be there anymore.

Does the private school offerNTA

But forcing a child/teenager to move with someone they hate just sucks. I really believe it was not the right time for you two to move in together.
And your wife should have recused.

The main AH here is your wife for ignoring her child’s obvious mental health problems and let her depression/anger problems sky rocket without offering her medicMy family is pretty rich (high middle class) so I grew up with access to 10 new books every week (which were all read by the way), expensive private schools, almost any toy I asked for, etc.

My parents would still tell me no when I was doing something dangerous or being entitled (the common supermarket candy tantrum, not going to bed, etc).

I belCoraline is a "scary" movie that even a 7 years old could watch. Probably one of my first and I 100% recommend to introduce the child to the world of horror movies without traumatizing them too much.

When I was a little older (10-11) I started with the "real stuff". I always hated ghosts/spirits movies. But I would eventually watch suspense or gorI wouldn´t tell the parents THIS TIME for your daughter´s sake. But if they want to sleep at your house I would sit down with the friends and warn them you gonna have to tell their parents if this behavior repeats.

I would also have a long conversation with her and reflect if this is the kind of friends she wants to have. Maybe some therapy for yoThat is completely reasonable and I would just continue to do it, but I would forgive the melt-downs because sleep-deprivation sucks. Just give her a few more days to get used to sleeping earlier.

About the online schooling, if you are in the US I would strongly reconsider it. The risk of coronavirus is just not worth it. Maybe wake her up before Well, I believe punishing him for it is not the right approach for his age.  
When I was 16/17, my mother would make me drinks I ask (caipirinha, sex on the beach, etc.), and her drinks were damn good. I would normally only have one glass per week, and we both preferred that I experimented at home rather than overdrinking in parties.

  
If your soI would say she logically believes you are great parents. But depression can be a very dark thing and overrides logic soooo easily.

Her depression is probably making her only see the negative sides on EVERYTHING so even things she truly enjoyed becomes torture.

What medication is she on? Because if you can fix the brain chemistry it would help heIf she is working/studying and being successful in it I would just go easy on her. Young adults drink/party/etc in college we all ended up fine.

Just establish rules about how she has to act inside your house (no coming home drugged, be kind, do chores, etc). And unless she is showing addiction signs or going into heavier drugs I would just give hNTA

I **personally** prefer to not have it at my driver's license because I don´t want to give my doctors any reason to not go to the full extent to try to save me (maybe some personal paranoia about organ traffic and corruption as well). But my family knows that they can donate my organs.

However, his problem is just ridiculous. You are the onlyI don´t think you should reveal you saw the texts unless you want him to regularly erase all of his texts in the future and not trust you in general.

If you can afford I believe now is an amazing time to introduce (frequent) therapy so he can have a trusted adult besides you to talk about it.

You can also have frequent talks about how to be sociaOF COURSE NOT, if she keeps smoking she is going to die at 40 to lung cancer or other medical conditions.

I would use the fact that there is a pandemic going on to keep her inside the house (without any cigarettes) and not allowing her to go anywhere unaccompanied.

I would also install cigarette detectors around the whole house and ask your frienIt is pretty much a lost battle until she is at least 7-9 years old. Their brain simply hasn´t developed empathy or impulse control yet.

I believe any adult that blames a little kid for telling harsh truths hasn´t dealt with kids themselves.

Of course, you can explain to her that it is a sensitive topic to a lot of people, to not say that unless Maybe he is getting the help he needs and you just aren’t aware?

I would never get involved. Just keep doing your good job and not letting him near your son.

It is pretty impossible to diagnose minors with pathologies because many psychopaths characteristics are also normal development ones (violence, impulsiveness, lack of empathy etc).

For exaI believe giving him a concrete way of earning his phone privileges back would be a good course of action.

Like he has to do extra chores and every extra chore gives him 5$ back. When he reaches the 1200$ he can have his phone back.

To avoid it from happening again I would just remove the credit card information from his account and change the paMy pediatrician uses software that shows a line with the ideal weight based on the child´s age and height.

I would consider getting one of those so you can have a visual guide to show them the correct weight per age and how their child compares to it.

You also have to explain all the dangers of obesity and explain how their blood exams (usually hThat´s what happens when you sent a bunch of untrained feds to escalate things on the states...

Even if I believe rioters should be charged with the crimes they committed I can recognize the stupidness of escalating the situation.

I believe the cops should only get involved when people´s physical well-being is at immediate risk and let the state Your approach depends in what age they are given the phones.

A 7 years old needs way more supervision than a 13 years old for example.

My suggestion would be to give it early so you can monitor closely for some time. Then as they get older you can give them more privacy/independence.

Of course part of starting early is to have time to drill freqNTA

You are a teenager, your school IS your job and you cannot be expected to free-babysit while it.

But your little sister shouldn't be the one paying the price for your mother's irresponsibility. If your family can afford the ideal would be to send your sister to daycare during your school hours. Maybe check if your family qualifies for governmYTA

I agree with your wife.

If you keep trying to stop small rebellions he gonna do major ones. But if you teach him how to be safe while doing then he will be fine.

Not parties, 8pm curfew, checking his phone etc are all authoritarian rules that make him seek to rebel.

If you had taught him to resist peer pressure when it come to drugs, a 12pmYTA

NEVER make jokes about other people appearance. That is the best way to make EVERYONE around you feel self conscious.

My mother would joke about how other people had certain defects. Now every time she delicately points out something she doesn’t like on me, it destroys me because I can only remember about the mean jokes she made about others.Yes, it is normal teenage behavior (but not ideal). I would say 95% of my class drank alcohol and 50% vaped on a regular bases.

Considering he has good grades and extracurriculars I would say you are doing an amazing job as parents.

The only thing I would say is to get him a therapist so he can have a trusted adult to talk things he is not comforTo be sincere I am a little worried about her weight.

When I was sixteen my body weight was 120lbs (also 5´4) and my pediatrician would always urge me to lose weight (around 5 pounds).

But considering that I didn´t have much muscle it may be a problem in my case and not be in your daughter´s case if she has a low body-fat and the weight is from mWell, it will take at least another couple of years until she develops a filter. So don´t get upset at her for making these hurtful comments, there is no mean intent behind them, just a brutal honesty common in children.

I believe the best you can do is to explain that people have different types of bodies and that they can be healthy without a suI would say he is doing that BECAUSE his sexuality was always repressed and something to be ashamed of.

You have to approach the subject with him in a non-confrontational way. Your problem should not be the act itself (sexting among teenagers is fine), but him doing it with strangers that may be pedophiles, etc.

Tell him how bad people can use thI want to share some of my personal experiences.

What I am seeing in college as result of this kind of parenting are adults who never experience freedom before and when they go to college they don’t know how to deal with it and destroy their own potential.

Also they resent their parents and don’t have the close family relationship they should becNot, it is not ok to laugh. She will start hiding her feelings from you as soon as she gets a bit more of extra control.

Try holding your laughter if you can and if you cannot just go to other room. She needs to know her feelings are VALID.

The appropriate answer would be to hug/comfort her, say how you understand how she is feeling and offer copAbout the clothes I would control what she wears to school, formal places, family events etc. In informal environments I believe it should be her choice.

Now about what I am more concerned about. She can eats healthy and still consume more calories than her body spends. You want to address this problem while she is still growing so you can use herFirst, scholarships in American are based on the parents income so they wouldn’t qualify for financial scholarships (the most common type).

Second, if it is financially possible for you I would totally save to pay for their colleges so they can choose the best college they get into and not the most affordable.

Even if you paid half if they want tOk, first the "Lawer phase" it is a completely NORMAL stage of development.  

You can include him in the making of the rules. Set a family rule chart that the ENTIRE family has to follow and explain to him the logic and importance behind each rule. Take his input and compromise at a rule that you both agree.

The smart remarks are also completely Ok, first DON´T spanks your son. It is scientifically proven it can create permanent psychological damage and teaches him that violence is an answer.

Second, if being strict is not working you could try other discipline approaches. Can I recommend a few books for you to read?

[No Drama Discipline](url)

[The Whole-Brain Child](url)

[How to Talk TANTRUMS ARE NOT FAKE! Her emotions are VERY real and she doesn´t know how to calm herself.

But you are not a bad parent either, you recognizing that it was an emotional reaction shows you actually know she is still a toddler.

You made a mistake, but ALL parents will do them because we are still human. So just remember yourself HOW you want to acNAH

I know you had the best of the intentions, but you could have addressed it better. Often shaming someone what they eat aggravates the food disorder.

I would make a health life a family goal. Ban all junk food from the house, involve her in health cooking, have one of you walk with her etc 

Also WATCH her take her medication everyday and encoTo be sincere I don´t know if it is or not something else. But I would personally feel better just having the evaluation done to decide the next steps. 

Learning to write and read is just a TON of practice so for now the best thing you can do is to find a way to make it fun for him. 

Challenging himself may be stressful to him, but I believe it wI personally didn´t find it racially related in any way. I believe she is just emulating another voice to differentiate her voice from the "Lily´s voice".

What you CAN do is to read age-appropriated books about racism, have constant conversations, teach her about history, encourage her to question EVERYTHING she sees in media/online, etc.

I also I believe kids should know how to learn and write pretty well before kindergarten. If he is delayed the best thing you can do is:

1) Get him evaluated by a development/behavioral specialist so you can be sure it is a symptom of something else.

2) Encourage him to challenge his limits. Make him practice his reading and writing in a fun way. Try enI disagree. I am under 21 studying psychology and education in college and NEVER used any substances (alcohol, vaping, cannabis etc) although being offered almost every single day;

The fact that my parents never used as well and taught me about the dangers is the biggest factor. You shouldn´t be raising children thinking it is normal for them to uI believe the punishment is to harsh. I would ground her for 1 month and take the electronics away for a couple of days.

Than I would try to understand why she lied. I would make sure she knows I don’t care if she goes to her boyfriend’s home, but I NEED to know. And that I also prefer they have sexual relationships at home than in hidden places.
I understand, please don’t be too harsh on yourself. We are living unprecedented times and it has impacted all of us in different levels. 

I don’t have any specific recommendations, but you could start looking at family psychologist who are accepting appointments using zoom.

Try to have some alone time. Take a nice bubble bath and read a book whiYou are right, the wrong medication can be dangerous and you would need to monitor her while she adapts to it. But there is different types of medication and a doctor could help her find the right one that will treat the symptoms with no side effects.

And you are also right, she is you and will live another 60 years, no need to rush. Depression caConsidering she is beginning her teenage years maybe compromise with the rules?

I would keep the rules strictly for her safety. Not sending personal info on the internet, sleeping at least 8 hours a day, always telling her parents when she is going out etc.

Other small rules you can just compromise like "You can have food in your room as long as It is a frustrating experience but it is a GOOD phase. Believe me, you gonna miss it so much when they are older and just want to play video games in their room with no social interaction.

Maybe because of the quarantine you could get a bit more flexible and allow then a couple of extra hours playing outside? Every minute they are playing it is a Please, DONT let him know you saw the messages. You shouldn’t have in the first place considering his age, second he deserve to come out on HIS terms when he feels comfortable.

If the other person is also a teen than don’t worry. Sexting is extremity common and he is just exploring his sexuality.

Have frequent talks about internet safety, the risAlso, some of the things you cited are not misbehaving and just normal child behavior.

For example: "Yesterday she told me I was fat and should lose my "jiggling body" to "look better".

Kids her age have not developed their filter yet so they say hurtful things without a mean intent at their minds. They just say what they think without the capaciIt sounds a result of stress. She is constantly angry/frustrated/stressed because kids at her age NEED TONS of social interaction with peers and she is not getting it due to the social distancing. She discounts on you because she doesn´t know how to cope with her feelings in a healthier way.

I would try to cover her with a lot of love and patients