UEFA were checking City’s financial accounts due to City’s previous punishment and UEFA never found anything wrong. Once dodgy and manipulated emails appeared UEFA went straight after City once again and this time banned them for 2 years. You can’t be punished and the burden of prove is on you. That’s not how it works. UEFA should’ve had their case1. You said City didn’t cooperate with UEFAs investigation. Whilst true, if you had read the report you should be able to understand clearly that UEFA had their agenda set and City realised that and wanted a neutral body involved. 

2. You literally said that City didn’t act upon illegal activities and that sadly means your off the hook. If you donMate you’re literally arguing over semantics now. The Sheikh never made City but they are the reason they are club they are today. 

So clearly you have no reading comprehension. That comment is clearly about the fact that despite Liverpool doing something they’ve never done, they can’t get City out of their head. 

Now. I suggest that you leave yoCalling out this subs hypocrisy makes me a shill?. Please fined anywhere where have defended state ownership. 

Sheffield Uniteds current owner has been was the co-owner since 2013. 

Wolves owner is Fosun. Who’s chairman and co-founder is a member of the CCP. 

If you truly had an issue with state ownership of clubs then you wouldn’t have just dowSo City shouldn’t receive praised because of their owners but this sub praises Leicester who’s owner  initially pumped money into them though his own business. Or Sheffield United who are owned by a Saudi Prince and member of the Saudi Arabian a government. Or Wolves who are owned by a oppressive Chinese regime. Those teams receive heaps of praise Your spot on. My club will never be able organically grow to the point that we could sustainably challenge Rangers  or Celtic for titles. The PL distorts most of this subs viewpoint on how hard it to organically grow. Most of the clubs in the premier league are some of the richest in the world. What other league has teams being promoted and immediaAre you being dense just for the sake of it? City wanted CAS involved from the start of the investigation. City felt that UEFA had a motive and misrepresented evidence. It’s the same as a suspect (City) refusing to speak with the police (UEFA) until they have a lawyer (CAS) present. If you know it’s going to court you should never show your hand toLook how rattled people like you’ve got over City’s case. All I’ve done highlight people’s hypocrisy. I’ve never said City are innocent or said their owners don’t commit atrocities but majority for this sub are hypocrites and don’t like being called out. The fact that you consider me making valid points as a meltdown just shows you have the mentaliThis sub wanks over Sheffield United and Wolves whenever their mentioned but City are shat on whenever their mentioned. I’ve never seen a comment denouncing either of their owners when they are no morally better than City’s owner. The only time I ethics or morals brought up on this sub is to have digs at City and PSG.

Edit: I also never brought Ap Norwich have been unlucky with injuries for the majority of the season. Norwich were also an attacking team in the championship compared to Sheffield’s more balanced approach. So like you said Wilders system was suited for a newly promoted team. I’d would also add that Norwich don’t have an owner with the same financial capabilities as most of theIt’s embarrassing that you’re hiding behind the ‘whataboutism’ excuse. Someone calls out you being a hypocrite and you hide behind a shit excuse. Where’s the criticism of Sheffield United for being owned by a Saudi Princes? Or the the fact that Wolves are owned by a Chinese state owned company? If this is as about ethical standards then everyone shBut none of that is against my point. Plenty of criticism is directed to city, pep, the fans because of the stuff their owners do. Wolves and Sheffield have be getting huge amounts of praise by everyone recently when they have owners just as bad if not worse.

Edit: How is the comment above me being upvoted? It’s full of hypocrisy. People slate PepI agree with you on that inflation becomes a major issue but I would also argue that it’s already near it’s peak. Using Ajax as an example, they were a major player throughout most of their history but now due to all the money being at the top they’ve essentially disappeared. Using Kilmarnock as another example. We will never to be able to organicaMake as much excuses as you want but you bought your way out the championship just like people complain about City buying their way to the title. Wages are just sheer speculation and mendes will be involved in plenty of those contracts so there will be definitely shady shit going on in the background. You’ve had 2 consecutive 100+ million transfer The hypocrisy that exists in the majority of this sub is honestly mind blowing. Leicester breached EFL FFP got let off with a small fine, Wolves are spending a fuck tonne and no doubt there’s shady shit regarding contracts considering they somehow signed Ruben Neves whilst in the championship. And then you have them saying it’s not about their spenLook at the past CL winners. Before Bayern’s CL win there was 8 different winners out the 10 years prior. Real Madrid has warped people’s perceptions but it’s highly unlikely for a team to consistently reach the final. 

His team let him down against Atleti and his team was destroyed by injuries for the Barca games. CL requires major luck and it wa
I was watching ‘This Morning’(News program is the U.K.) and they were talking about the Johnny Depp and Amber Heard case and they straight up said is it worth it for Johnny Depp to go to court over his domestic abuse accusations. What type of bullshit is that? Amber Heard ruined him over her accusations and now that he’s defending himself, he’s quYou’re just being ignorant. Of course her weight had something to do with he diagnosis. 50lb is nearly a 1/3 of my weight. Add that onto me and it would be extremely noticeable. 

Her symptoms could also have been the same as being obese. 99% of the time when a obese individual goes to the doctors for a pain they feel it will be a direct consequencThere’s plenty of reason that can be entirely justified but looking at one stat doesn’t give the context. 

An example. If there’s a group of 10 young men covering their face, hands in pockets, hoods up and heads down when a police car drives past and the officers decides to stop and search them. 7 were white, 2 were black, and 1 was mixed. Whilst This mentality is stupid as fuck. 

They want to abolish the police and courts. How exactly do you think a lawless state would end racism? They want to end capitalism but don’t have another system to replace. 

Your dumb comment is the same way they try to force you into submission. Oh you don’t agree with abolishing police therefore your racist anThat sill isn’t relevant because you said Europeans. You didn’t say white, black, asian Europeans. You said a blanket statement about Europeans and then you kept insisting on the huge emphasis on race. You’re also implying that the problem the US has is too many blacks and Hispanics bringing the average down. You’re education system can’t be that gWhen did I say that it didn’t count? I said that there is more to education than University. 

What is the other thread got to with anything we have discussed? 

Somehow me disagreeing with you’re blanket statement about Europeans being uneducated means some sort or Russian or Chinese spy puts a smile on my face. It’s very amusing. 

How can RussiaThe only person with a superiority complex here is you. 

You’re the one misusing the PISA data by comparing the US demographics to Europeans countries average. You’ve brought race into this numerous times by saying the only reason the US isn’t number 1 is because of blacks and Hispanics. 

You’re moving the goalposts agains. What does your last 2 You made the generalisation by saying that Europe is uneducated and that the American education system is superior when I showed stats proving your claim to be false you say start bring race into. A black American is still American, a Hispanic American is still American which means the average American is less educated than some European countries.Your saying my stat is flawed because it’s a generalisation but so is saying that blacks are disproportionately more likely to be arrested. The same criticisms you have for the stat I provided can also be used for the blacks are more likely to be arrested stat.  Like I said, I added context before blindly believing something. Everyone should do theI love how you’re telling me to look things up before accusing of racism after you literally said Europe is more racist without anything to back it up. 

Using the U.K. as an example just shows how little you actually know and the fact that your using the nazis as an example of the whole of Europe being racist when European countries were actively So because I put forward a stat instead of blindly agreeing with the person that somehow makes me a closet racist? 
 
Most data about England is skewed by London. You know, the place where 75% of knife possession crimes were committed by non-whites, the place where the most arrests (warranted and unwarranted) are made and where most of the stop andWell considering that you only want the demographics that fit your agenda then say black people are poor so they ruin the results 

Who is the country that literally right now is now having protests and riots based on built up racial tensions? No European country has any near the racial tensions that the US has. You have a president that was electeYou can argue that but that doesn’t disprove the stat or my point. They are disproportionately arrested because  they disproportionately commit crime. 

The institutional racism point is so weak. If it is forcing all minorities into poverty then how have Indians and Chinese slipped through the crack? They are less likely than whites to live in the There’s far more to education than university attendances. 

This source ranks your education system 20th in the world. url

Your also pretty far down the list when it comes to literacy as well. url

Your PISA test claim is also a lie. Plenty of European countries outperform the US. url

In the updated version the US rank 13th in Reading with 5 EurWhat would be classed as the end of systemic racism in the U.K? 

See now you’re downplaying BAME crime by saying it’s just confused kids caught in the cycle. The police assume they are more likely to commit a crime because the reality is that they are more likely to commit a crime. 40% of knife possessions were non white in England and Wales and 7They have exaggerated issue for god sake. They want police funding abolished here. How is that justified? How is getting rid of police going to stop racism? The U.K. BLM movement parrot the same stuff as the US one when the issues are not the same. When we have people out on the streets with their hands up screaming at unarmed police “don’t shoot”,You’re saying that BLM is about all minorities and I’ve seen that being said plenty of times but have seen fuck all to actually back that claim up. BLM is pro black. If there is systemic racism against all minorities then how come Indians and Chinese have slipped through. Both are less likely to live in the most deprived areas than whites.

Your seBut that’s not my point. Why do we have BLM protesters attacking police officers and screaming police injustice if it’s not about police? 

Asians are more likely to live in poverty and in the most deprived areas than black people. Pakistanis are 2x more likely than a black person to be living in poverty and in the most deprived areas. What are we Actually look it what defund means. It doesn’t mean reinvesting elsewhere, that’s just the meaning you’ve attached to the word. You’re dumb for doubling down on the wrong definition of a word. 

You also keep referring to the equipment that the police have. How is taking away equipment going to improve police officers? They need more training to imAll those issues are nothing to do with police nor race. Those issues you stated are class issues not race issues. 

Explain me how abolishing police will help any of those issues.

Also a lot of those points don’t really mean anything without context. Points such as; blacks are more likely to be tasered isn’t an issue when you add the context thatFrom what I’ve seen on here. The equipment the police departments get are essentially hand me downs from the military and they get the equipment with a massive discount applied so they don’t actually pay that much for it. I don’t think it’s the police budgets are the problem but the massive budget the military gets. I’m from the US so I don’t know Honestly, imo it’s just narrowed minded people who have heard the problems that the US have and instantly think those same problems are relevant in the U.K. Is there racism in the U.K. police force? Probably in some cases but thinking that our police problems are anywhere near the same is just ignorant. 

Also seeing protesters holding their hands I’ve seen plenty of people on here say that ‘defund the police’ means to take the majority of funding and put it into social programs, I seen people say that it means stopping the police have military style gear, and I’ve seen people say that it means get rid of police forces and replace them with peace officers. 

The ‘Defund the Police’ slogan isNet spend does get flung around far too often on here though without context. 

If a teams pays 300mil for their players and those players play into their twilight years and leave as free agents. Once it comes to rebuilding the team and they spend another 300mil then that’s classed as 300mil net spend but they got their money’s worth for those playI’m a PT and worked with hundred of women clients. I understand about body structure and shape but the women in the picture doesn’t really have any shape and is closer to an average women’s shape than the ‘curvy’ shape that women want nowadays. My point is that body is not unrealistic to achieve and by saying it’s hard work to achieve is an attemptI don’t get the mentality that a manager is a failure due to CL performances. 

There’s Atletico &amp; Real Madrid, Barca, Juventus, Bayern Munich, City, Liverpool, And PSG who are expected to challenge for the CL. That’s 8 super teams competing for 1 trophy and then there’s the dark horses (Ajax, Dortmund, Spurs, Napoli). To expect any manager to You still haven’t tried to counter anything other than it’s a ‘nothing challenge’. Which it was. If Leno landed perfectly fine we wouldn’t be talking about. It’s a freak injury.  

I’ve explained the precedent it would set for the game if  such challenges are deemed a red card. 

Also, you still missed the entire point of the last part. It wasn’t aWhy are you still insisting on comparing a shoulder to shoulder with a pub fight? It’s in no way comparable. 

A red card challenge is a red card regardless if it injures  a player. The fact that you don’t seem to know that is why I think you don’t play football. If you punish this as a red card then you have to punish ALL late contact with the goaIt was a shoulder to shoulder in a football match not fucking pub fight. Makes no sense to even compare. When I go on the pitch I’m signing myself up to be tackled and acknowledge that I’m putting myself at potential risk. When I go the pub I’m not signing myself up to be punched in the face. 

Tackles are never punished based on the outcomes. ThatMaupay challenge was a nothing challenge and wanting it treated any more than that would cause so many problems for the game. 

There’s less than a second between Leno catching the ball and contact. How is a ref going to be able to know if a player had no chance of winning the ball when the full incident can happen within half a second? 

Also, PeoWhat the fuck is that first part about? Did I say you wanted him to get brain damage? No, but hoping he gets knocked out increases the risk of a serious head or brain injury. 

You clearly don’t know anything about combat sports. If someone gets knocked out cold then they have to take a couple of months off from training because getting knocked uncIm not saying what Maupay did was necessary but people wanting strong punishment for this have to think about all the other situations that contact in the air with the keepers happens. Corners would become irrelevant because attackers would be scared to challenge the keeper as it could lead to a red. Crosses would be the exact same thing. Offering You can try and make about physics but height and force does matter and in this instance there was little of both. 

I didn’t counteract myself, you just clearly cant read and put it into a real life situation. There’s less than a second between Leno catching the ball and contact. How is a ref going to be able to know if he had no chance of winningLeno is barely a foot off the ground. If he was high in the air then I’m his arms would help but a small fall like that no. 

Keepers are pushed at every corner they contest for the ball. Wanting a red for something that doesn’t happen 99.99% of the time is delusional as it would mean that every time a keeper has 2 hands on the ball and contact is You know nothing about football at all and it’s embarrassing. Leno was at most a foot off the ground, holding the ball had no impact on his landing. How often do you think they practice catching the ball and landing? Pretty fucking often and their trained to land safely when there is contact made in the air. It’s freak accident. Get the fuck over iIt’s apparent that you have never played in your life. Where was the aggression in this challenge? It was slight contact and your trying to make it sound worse. 

Also, I’m mentioning corners because that’s where most contact between outfield players and keepers happens you clown. If you want this challenge to be a red then there’d be red cards shoDid I say it’s never above head height? No I did not. The ball is not in the air nearly as much as it is in footballs and neither is 2 players directly contesting a falling ball. 

Also your comment included all players in the air not just goalkeepers which in most scenarios will be contesting for headers. You would end contested headers all togethWhy compare it to rugby at all? Heading is not a thing in rugby. The ball is rarely ever above head in rugby as it is. Heading is a key component to football and how it’s played. Contact in the air happens at every contested header and rarely ever results in an injury other than clash of heads.

Do you what’s not allowed in Rugby? Slide tackling anIf I come out of a situation unscathed 99/100 then the situation isn’t that dangerous to begin with.  

Listen to yourself, ‘Clattering at high speed’ ‘Cleaned out’ neither of those are relevant to what happened. Your trying to make it sound worse than it. Shoulder to shoulder contact happens all the time and doesn’t end in injury. 

When did I blaThe logic isn’t weird because the punishment is never based on the outcome of the challenge. That’s how football works. A red card challenge is a red card regardless of the player gets his leg broken. What your suggesting is that even if Leno landed fine then Maupay should still be sent off. 

Leno will be pushed and pulled at every single corner aWhat’s different? What your saying is that Maupay should’ve got sent off regardless of the injury. That’s insane to suggest. Keepers can wipeout players unpunished but got forbid a players give them a slight nudge

Keepers are nudged in the air all the time at corners and are never injured. It was minimal contact and a freak injury. Treating it as Imo a plastic fan isn’t just someone supporting a foreign team. Imo a plastic is someone who lives in a different city/town but supports the bigger team and couldn’t care less about their local team. 

An example, I’m in the minority in my own town for supporting Kilmarnock due to most supporting the Old Firm. Most of those Old Firm fans will rarelDON’T YOU JUST LOVE WHEN BOTH YOUR TEAMMATES ARE CHASING THE BALL AT THE OPPOSITIONS CORNER BUT BECAUSE YOU’RE A RESPONSIBLE PLAYER YOU’VE STAYED BACK TO DEFEND AND THEN YOU GET SPAMMED WITH “TAKE THE SHOT” BUT BECAUSE THEY COMMITTED FOR THE SAME BALL, ITS NOW A 3v1 COUNTER AND YOU CONCEDE ONLY FOR YOU’RE TEAMMATES TO SPAM YOU WITH “WHAT A SAVE”. HIs there something wrong with the ranking or match making system? 

I’ve gotten back into rocket league and have been playing solo 3’s a lot lately. What I’ve noticed though is that most games I lose I’ve completely carried my team through the game but when I win a game I feel like my teammates have carried me through it. Most games leave me with t