&gt; But I guess you can't help it if your crush ask you "what am I to you" especially if you don't know the context behind it.

Yeah, I initially thought it was likely him testing the Ackerbond (due to the nature of his questions) after Chapter 123 and I think Chapter 130 confirms that my guess was right. 

I’m curious about why Eren thinks she’s &gt; And just writing wise, I think it would be weird if she was just straight up like "hey, I'm gonna have a child".

Only because the line is out of context and we don’t know the entire conversation. She could’ve said “I know how we can solve both of our problems—I’ll become pregnant” just like when she declared she was going to be queen after deI think it’s also interesting to consider that Eren did not come to Historia to seek her help for his plan but rather to ensure her safety. 

Until we know how Eren changed her mind about the Rumbling and why it changed her mind in the first place, we cannot make an accurate speculation. There’s a reason there’s a gap in their conversation—to creat&gt; That month he spent in jail was partly meant to buy time for him to try to think of another way out, but obviously, there wasn’t one.

I doubt this. Eren had already made up his mind to do the Rumbling a lot time ago—which is why he revealed his plan to Historia and Floch. It also explains his nihilism about the peace talks and the Liberio raiWhile Historia is the trigger, she’s hardly the only person he’s doing it for—he is doing it for his friends and the people he and they care about. 

It’s a choice of either kill or be killed because without the full rumbling, all of his friends and Paradis as a whole will be trampled by Marley and all the other hostile nations in the world outsideI think it’s interesting that he brought up Breaking Bad’s finale—especially since the final episode has Walt admit that his actions were motivated by selfish reasons and not simply for the sake of his family which he claimed for almost the entirety of the show. He turns down numerous legal avenues to get help for his cancer treatment and leave monAh, I see.

I respect your opinion but to me, the closest thing that can be interpreted as romantic that came from Eren’s side in the Mikasa-Eren dynamic is the “What am I to you” question in Chapter 123. Apart from that, all advances has been one-sided from Mikasa with Eren rarely, if ever, taking the initiative. 

But let’s agree to disagree—thatTo be fair, Isayama doesn’t have to do a lot to make Eren and Historia’s relationship to become romantic because they are is a lot of existing dynamic that can be interpreted as romantic—we just need Yams to confirm them as such.

Off the top of my mind, I can think of the following—Eren’s general overprotectiveness regarding Historia which Hange nWell, yeah. We don’t know how the rest of their conversation went but we at least do know for sure that Historia changed her mind about stopping Eren. We can’t say anything for sure until we see it but the possibility exists.

&gt; I'm just saying that idt Isayama has done enough to suggest that they're in love, if he wants those romantic feelings &gt; What? Mikasa loves Eren because he wrapped the scarf around her, not because she was saved!

Wait, it’s that easy? 

Seriously though, whenever Mikasa talks about him wrapping the scarf, she also mentions him saving her from the kidnappers first. Just read her “confession” during the Clash of Tifans arc and her rationalizing why Eren is a good&gt; Eren and Historia have any romantic feelings towards one another

Here’s the fun part though—a lot of their existing dynamics can fit a romantic role if Isayama just reveals it as such.

Let’s talk about “You’re the worst girl who saved me” line for example. Is it romantic? We can’t say for sure.

However, think of it this way. Mikasa fell in So is going against the world to keep your friends safe.

Since you’re worried about the arcs of other characters, here’s the thing:

We don’t know how things will turn out from their end. We don’t know how they’ll try to stop Eren. We don’t know how this whole Rumbling will affect their relationship with him. We don’t even know who’ll emerge victoYou’re totally going to ignore the “who saved me” part, aren’t you? Mikasa liking Eren because he saved her from traffickers is fair game but Eren liking Historia because she saved him from despair and stood up for him when he was at his lowest is far-fetched?

Sounds like double standards to me.

&gt; One? There are several misdirections from Isay&gt;If you analyze objectively the plot

I’m sorry but I find it hard to take this seriously from a guy who thinks Eren wouldn’t have done the Rumbling and would have sacrificed Historia if Mikasa confessed. No offense.

&gt; There is literally no a single unambigiously romantic scenes between EH

“You’re the worst girl in the world who saved me”

&gt; Can't I make a troll post about a ship

Shoryuken.

&gt; which is by the way, completely fits the definition "a crack ship".

There you go again. It’s such a crack ship that it is currently one of the two strongest contenders involving Eren—enough to threaten EM fans on twitter who are bitching that Historia has screen time in Chapter 130.

&gI on the otherhand prefer EH (mostly because of plot purposes) but still like Mikasa.

I don’t think Isayama will do the reveal next chapter but if Eren is indeed the father, the reveal should preferably be not too far off in the future because it would be relevant to Eren’s motivations for the Rumbling and is an important factor for the Alliance tThat’s a pretty reductive way to look at it.

Let’s assume Eren and Historia had a child out of love. 

However, that does not mean that Eren ceased to care about his friends and only cares about his lover/child. It just means he has more loved ones that he cares about and wants to protect.

However, as I mentioned before, the child aspect can add &gt; Erwin saw Eren as a weapon, not a person/friend. Post timeskip Erwin would've tried to feed Eren to someone else the moment he disobeyed them. (some people said Armin impled this but that was wrong translation Armin said "they" (MPs) not "we")

This is more important than people realize. Erwin would’ve definitely done this because Levi wanted Still love Ymir though. Probably the most selfless character in the series—she went with Reiner and Bertolt even when they did not have a bargaining chip to atone for killing Marcel.

It honestly makes me wonder. Would Ymir have supported the Rumbling since it protects Historia or would she be against it since it’s clear that she has a strong senseThis is going to age so poorly because 

(a) Farmer-kun himself did not confirm or imply he is the father in our frame of reference even once yet.

(b) Historia did not confirm or imply that Farmer-kun is the father even once yet.

(c) Eren did not confirm or imply that Farmer-kun is the father even once yet.

Since none of the characters actually To be fair, we haven’t seen Yelena wearing a hoodie either and her actual vest has a color scheme very similar to Eren’s hoodie. It wouldn’t have made much difference. There was no evidence Eren and Historia even met until a vague memory shard in Chapter 120. 

As for the panels you posted, I’d say the deal with the second devil is an exchange rath&gt; Do you remember all the speculation with people figuring out it was Eren in the hoodie and not Yelena?

Yeah, and I did not take it seriously even then because it’s just Roeg theorizing.

&gt; That would have zero meaning if it was all in Roeg’s head anyway. Why would we even see the hooded figure? It would just show Yelena’s face not being coRepost: 

Two things:

A—If it was to keep him from getting eaten in order to be able to complete his sterilization, he doesn’t really need the child anymore because he already completed his wish.

B—If it’s for the fifty year plan, I don’t think Zeke is actually following it because it is just so counterintuitive. Historia has just one baby and muTwo things:

A—If it was to keep him from getting eaten in order to be able to complete his sterilization, he doesn’t really need the child anymore because he already completed his wish.

B—If it’s for the fifty year plan, I don’t think Zeke is actually following it because it is just so counterintuitive. Historia has just one baby and multiple royYou do realize that panel in Chapter 108 is probably fake right? It’s just an imagination of the MPs about how things might have went—you can actually see the indicatory translucent white lines passing through that panel which is also present when Roeg imagines Yelena.

And this is rich coming from the guy who unironically thinks Eren would stop th&gt; Infertility shouldn't affect already-made fetuses. 

Zeke’s command was very open-ended: Ymir could have removed the uterus as well and the baby’s dead.

&gt; Hisu's baby is instrumental to Zeke's plan as well, so it should be safe.

The fifty year plan? I don’t think Zeke is actually following it because it is just so counterintuitive. Histor&gt; Since the only person known to be at direct risk is Historia because of infertility... her baby would abort. I emphasize that there is no real reason for so much despair, Eren knew that at some point he would take control of the Founder's power, and since there is the ability to remove fertility, it can be added again. Therefore, this "euthana&gt;Was it fanservice?

No.

&gt; Does it hold any importance? 

Yes, it confirms what we suspected ever since Chapter 112—Eren was lying about the exact nature of the Ackerbond concept. However, this does rise the question—why did Eren even come up with the Ackerbond theory since it’s clear that Zeke wasn’t the one who told him?

You could also taWell, Eren is the only one who’s willing to take action on her behalf unlike the others who have a defeatist mentality. Even Hange, who I’d say cares most about Historia consistently after Eren, resigns to the fifty year plan after the Hizuru negotiations failed—though she does turn to Eren to look for an alternative that can save her in Chapter 10&gt; Well it could be a lot of reason behind it. It could be to maintain the theme of that chapter. It was to present Historia being miserable and make readers think about the ugly side of the 50 year plan. Or maybe she was sleeping tightly and Farmer disturbed her sleep.

Lol.



&gt; Why would Historia even want child? It already smells more of t&gt; It's obvious that Historia is at least friendly with him such that Eren is fine with him being with Historia in pregnancy state. By adding more layers to it, Farmer is the person that Historia trusts at the crucial time of pregnancy. 

Are you being humorous or is this your solemn opinion? Imagine thinking they are “friendly” because she doesnOh, I did acknowledge this:

&gt; Let’s say Eren persuaded Grisha to do it (which he almost certainly did because Grisha wanted to drop the mission to retake the Founder to be with his family)

My main point is that he’s still burdened with the fate of his friends and Paradis, ever since he was born. He’s trying to achieve true freedom with the RumThat’s actually an interesting question. 

Let’s say Eren persuaded Grisha to do it (which he almost certainly did because Grisha wanted to drop the mission to retake the Founder to be with his family) 

Is Eren actually free like he claims? He is bound to a predestined fate and is shouldering the fate of the whole of Paradis by himself. That’s an &gt; People say it has a truth here but we have no proof of it. 

I’m using the fact that the vow renouncing war remained in effect even after Karl’s death as a precedent but you’re right—there’s a possibility killing Eren would just stop the CT from moving.

&gt; Also maybe she kills him after the rumbling ?

That is more plausible but I personallYou can say that but I think there’s a reason Isayama went out of his way to make it as vague and suspicious as it is. We haven’t even seen any of the characters involved with the entire situation actually confirm or even imply any of the details—not even Farmer-kun for that matter!

&gt; Our true focus is what's on Eren's mind.

Well, it was on hiAbout Mikasa, Eren went the extra step when demoralizing her. He was a dick to Armin too but was especially harsh on Mikasa. Also, given the fact that he reacts negatively to Mikasa wearing the scarf and asked Louise to dispose of it, I do think there’s a possibility he saw her die defending him. It also makes why he thinks a force like Ackerman boHere’s the thing though—the Rumbling is totally irrelevant to Historia having a child to avoid Titanization. As it is, the scene would have made way more sense if Isayama cut out Eren talking about the Rumbling and just have Historia say “What do you think of me having child?” after Eren said that he won’t let her become a sacrifice. It makes the s&gt; 3 and 2 will happen soon 

Look who’s using headcanon now. C’mon, dude. Is it that hard to believe that it isn’t a coincidence that the pregnancy stuff started getting addressed right after the Rumbling began when Isayama had 2 years to do it?

&gt; didn't ask if he wants to be the father , she asked what it's his opinion about having a kid

II have a few legitimate questions for you:

1. Did we actually see the farmer himself confirm or even imply that he is the father in our frame of reference?

2. Did we actually see Historia confirm or even imply that the farmer is the father?

3. Did we actually see Eren turn down Historia and sending her to the farmer?

Does any of this not raise We don’t even need this to prove that Eren genuinely cares about Historia. Here are just a few of the many examples:

He keeps the method to unlocking the Founding Titan’s powers a secret for her sake in Chapter 89.

He literally brings up her safety as the first thing when he heard the Hizuru plan failed in Ch 108. No one else gave a shit about itGlad to have helped!

While I agree that we didn’t see Eren actually giving explicit instructions, we can already infer that he actually did do so because otherwise there was no reason for Grisha to kill the other Reiss children and Rod’s wife. He already knew what he had to do before he even entered the cave because he broke down and lamented abouTitanfolk is a VERY bad place for anime onlys—don’t know why they are even here because the front page is naked with spoilers.

Here’s a guide for any anime onlies on this sub:

1. Browse r/attackontitan when you’re on Season 1.

2. Browse r/shingekinokyojin when you’re on S2/S3.

3. Browse r/titanfolk when you finally pick up the manga but should Zeke joining the Alliance would be a very daring move because Levi isn’t the only one that has a beef with him—Connie does as well since he’s the one who turned his mother into a Titan. As we saw in the recent chapters, Connie hasn’t forgotten about his mom.

I can see a lot more discord within the group if Zeke decides to tag in and the group is aExactly. Those are questions we can’t yet answer with what we have so far.

What makes it harder is that Eren is trying to conceal his true feelings towards Mikasa, Armin, and the rest of the 104th. In Chapter 112, he acted as cool as a cucumber when he insulted Armin and then Mikasa but did snap temporarily when Armin retorted that he was using hiHey, I like to discuss about potential avenues that EH can go through as well! However, it is a little true that Chapter 130 reignited the shipping base and the posts regarding it have become more ubiquitous—which is not everyone’s cup of tea.

Let’s just have (futile) hope that everything is resolved next chapter so people who make shipping posts This is kind of hard to answer because as Eren noted and we have seen, the future is predetermined. All memories Eren have sent so far was to reach that predestined future, as seen in chapter 122 where Grisha received certain memories from Eren to convince him to steal the Founder.

I think Armin might survive since he serves as a narrator of sortsOn a serious note though, Sakura is beyond even a simp by chasing after and getting with her twice attempted killer. Her thought in the middle of a battle was literally that Sasuke didn’t care about her.

If Mikasa was written like Sakura, she’d be more worried about the possibility of Eren not liking her back than the fact that he’s committing litGrisha is definitely one of the top contenders for having the worst life in the AOT world: he lost his sister just because he wanted to see a blimp, got tortured, lost his first wife, lost his first son who betrayed him, had to kill innocent kids for the future, and lost his second wife as well when she got eaten by his first wife’s Titan. And yet,Oh, that.

&gt; the popular theory aound here that Eren and Historia fell in love, decided to have a baby together 

There’s actually a fair chance of that happening after Chapter 130. Add in the fact that we haven’t actually seen any of the three characters involved (Eren, Historia, and even Farmer-kun) confirm the details in their reference. Far Yeah.

Eren-Armin are far closer in the manga and if you actually count, you’ll notice that Armin calls out Eren’s name more often than even Mikasa in the manga. As you can see in the top comments, they even removed Armin sitting on the bed with Eren which occurred in the same chapter as the scene in this post to add that filler.

&gt; I always felPreserving the timeline and saving Historia doesn’t have to be mutually exclusive—we’ve already seen how far Eren is willing to go in order to protect her multiple times. It isn’t a stretch to think he did it with the intention of both.

&gt; These are the same people who actually believe farmer dude is the guy in the final panel.

Hahahahaha. The &gt; Intentional or not, Eren saved Historia there

It’s definitely intentional because Eren was very specific on who to kill and who NOT to kill. 

&gt; farmer redemption arc headcanon you anti shippers are pushing

This one is so funny—“Historia fell in love with the farmer because he is simple and his attempt at redemption won her over” while co&gt; but a lot of fans are against it.

There are three classes of people against it:

1. The Shippers: Mostly EM and to a very limited extent YH (only the ones on Tumblr actually). They dislike it because it conflicts with their preferred ship.

2. The Dissenter: This applies to mostly poeple on this sub who dislike the proliferation of the dissemChapter 44 is what happened immediately after Annie agrees to teach him her moves. It begins with Annie actually teaching him—which is exactly she was about to do in Chapter 17 before that scene got cut off.

Mikasa was fighting Reiner that time and it was clear that she witnessed stuff from chapter 17 because she even dryly asks Annie to teach her&gt; Well he obviously can't trust them because he knows their motives and what they plan to do and doesn't like it/doesn't think it will be effective, it's not a matter if childhood friendship. He said many times he hated Armins passive outlook and the Alliances inaction.

Chapter 130 has already shown that Eren was taking an immense risk telling Well, here’s the the thing though—this is but a piece of a larger pattern. For so-called friends, everyone abandoned Historia except for Eren after the 50 year plan was established. He’s the only one to keep in contact with her and he even revealed his true plan to her—something he couldn’t entrust Mikasa or even Armin with and he grew up with themThis scene was a bit expanded on the manga so I’ll tell that version. After Eren gets his ass beat by Annie, he expresses genuine interest in learning her moves and this pleasantly surprises her causing her to smile and agree to teach him.

This triggered Mikasa and she made a cold face and asked Annie to teach her the moves as well sarcastically aNo, which is why the farmer thing doesn’t make much sense. The only “confirmation” that the farmer is the father is from a third party source and not from Historia, Eren, or even the farmer himself.

It’s kinda clear that the Farmer is a front and Historia  has no intention of raising a child with him because she didn’t even marry him and this fact&gt; I always knew you wouldn't sacrifice historia

Yeah but why with such confidence? Everyone else is perfectly complacent with letting her getting the chop. There’s a reason why Hange was made to notice all these little interactions.

&gt; What, Eren smiled? AMAZING.

Yes, at Historia and Yams has none other than Hange notice. Feel like there is&gt; but one would think the only one who should have Eren's baby is Mikasa.

That’s the problem with just relying on the anime, my guy. The anime director Araki is an EM shipper and cut out scenes from other characters to give it to Mikasa—except none of them were significant for her character and exists for the sole purpose of shipping bait.

Rea