La vaina va a estar dura por un rato. Yo personalmente no me quiero ir porque quiero ser de las personas que ayude a reconstruir pero es porque me puedo dar el lujo de saber que estaré bien pase lo que pase porque mi industria solo está creciendo.

Aunque los prospectos no son mucho mejor alrededor del mundo. La recesión global que viene bajando vaLlena de excelentes estudiantes con buenas intenciones que se quieren mejorar.

Controlada por profesores dinosaurios que se rehúsan a modernizarse, burocracia inacabable, y una administración incompetente.

Yo di un año en la nacional y me fui a la latina porque era un drama administrativo constante. Terminé mi carrera en 4 años y me daba chance dI get that but the RAE isn't locked in stone either. Every year they expand their dictionary to include regional words and their uses and they mark them as acceptable in their respective country. For example they don't discriminate between "vos" and "usted" but say in which region each is used.

The RAE has offices in each country to monitor local Hey I got the top comment but I feel it doesn't represent my point of view correctly. 

First of all, I'm a panamanian and I absolutely love living here. I've lived in three continents and I couldn't wait to head back home after a year abroad each time I left the country.

I've met several retirees here and all that make the effort to integrate witThe thing is, they're not attached to Africa at all, but to their own traditions if that makes sense. You never hear about going back to Africa or anything of the like, but they're incredibly proud of their traditions that have developed in the last 300 years.

Blacks in Panama for example have a connection to Jamaica, Haiti, and the rest of the caLa falta de competencia me vuelve loco y es la causa raíz de la mediocridad del profesional panameño.

Profesores no se moderniza porque están protegidos

Los agronomos no se modernizan porque los protegen

Los médicos se tienen que ir de Panamá para entrenarse porque no podemos importar especialistas que enseñen

Nadie se quiere modernizar así queI think the triggering event and first months were legitimate.

It's subsequent continuous postponement of the elections does sound fishy as fuck and it wouldn't surprise me if the CIA is "advising" Jeanine Áñez on how to maintain power for her and her party since the MAS are openly anti USA.

I very much doubt Musk has the power to push foreign agThe last book I read was La Cuisiniére d'Himmler. It's sort of a french Forrest Gump but instead of being upbeat, it's typically french as fuck which means that it's very graphic and tragic.

About a girl that survives the Kurdish genocide, is sold into slavery, lives through WW1, the rise of Mussolini, gets into the Nazi inner circle, lives throug1. Victoriano Lorenzo conquistó todo Panamá desde Bocas hasta Veraguas sin ayuda de los liberales. Eso es éxito.

2. Al final la guerra de los mil días se perdió y Colombia retomó el poder así que no tiene nada que ver con el éxito que tuvo Victoriano Lorenzo hasta perder la conquista de la capital.

3. Belisario Porras vivió desde 1855 hasta su muOK, explícame entonces como es cierto lo que dijo de que la independencia de Panamá fue una fabricación de EEUU cuando Panamá había tenido varios movimientos independistas, 4 intentos serios, culminando en la guerra de los mil días, la ejecución de Victoriano Lorenzo, y el destierro de Belisario Porras. 

También obvia el hecho que el canal era unaOtro man que pinta la independencia de Panamá como una fabricación 100% gringa. Este video tiene un par de buenos puntos pero también obvia mucha historia panameña pre-independiente y usa vocabulario propagandista.

Este tipo de propaganda es una constante en videos de latinoamericanos no panameños porque tienden a empujar una agenda anti-gringa. YPhysics in Panama is worse than bad. Only the state university teaches the major and they graduate like 2 people a year. I've been to it and the building was falling apart.

They have ansolutely nothing close to a lab so it's all just theory and more theory. We have no physics specialty in the entire country either so no one knows anything even cloThe Canal Zone is not basically the country... We already had a better standard of living than all of CA (EDIT except Costa Rica) and the Carribbean since before the canal handover, we were booming in the late 60s-70s until Noriega, and then as soon as he left 1989 we were booming again.

The canal is big, I'm not gonna downplay it but our whole cuWTF? no...

We were an independent country with our own constitution (based on the Colombian one), president, etc. We went to war with Costa Rica in the 20s and everything without US consultation. They had a strip of land (13km across) that encircled the Canal that was under their jurisdiction but everything else was independent.

The whole deal wiWTF? no...

We were an independent country with our own constitution (based on the Colombian one), president, etc. We went to war with Costa Rica in the 20s and everything. They had a strip of land (13km across) that encircled the Canal that was under their jurisdiction but everything else was independent. 

The whole deal with the USA was independ&gt;1) The actions of a country aren't the fault of all citizens. When the US does something wrong, I didn't personally do or condone anything. I can say shit's wrong on all fronts.

Oh and you're right, and you would have a point if this wasn't a constant for over 100 years now. Gringos have failed for over a century to collectively give a fuck ab&gt;where’s the best places in Panama?

Depends what you want. You want cristal clear carribbean beach tourist sports? Bocas del Toro will serve tourist incredibly well. You want virgin carribbean beaches with no amenities? Kuna Yala indian reserve has got you.

You want the surfer backpacker lifestyle? Pedasí/Playa Venao will scratch that itch.

YGringo isn't a race you race obsessed gringo. And I did challenge your points, including saying things the US is still actively doing. Keep living in your fantasy world, the world knows what it's like to be in the middle of your shit flinging contest for over a hundred years now. Never quite satisfied with terrorizing foreign countries. 

So yeah, They have no right to virtue signal though. I don't see China bombing an entire subcontinent, or actively overthrowing foreign governments. Sure they are shit but you all equally suck in the eyes of the world. You may pretend to have the moral high ground but it doesn't mean shit to the scar you've left on the world.

I don't see Vietnamese kids wi&gt;see The Great Leap Forward

&gt;see Propping up North Korean Government, indirectly leading to hundreds of thousands of deaths and terrible lives

Propping up literally every dictatorship in Latin America, Africa, and Asia except NK and China

&gt;see Hiding the virus that led to the current global pandemic killing millions to save face, also aObvio existen pero en mi experiencia, casi todos los manes que he conocido que les va de verdad _bien_ desde los late 20s hasta los 40 se metieron en un enredo u otro con el gobierno. Ejemplo, la gente se la mama a este Maher y el man más rata no pudo ser durante la época de Martinelli y eso que venía con plata.

Los viejos que tienen su compañía iIt's chill. People are always bitter and I don't blame them as all of our countries are controlled by the historically wealthy few.

That said I enjoy it. I help the country where I can (trash pickup, go to protests, volunteer), do my day to day, and rest easy at home in shorts and tshirts as the weather is delicious (I don't handle the cold well aLa razón #1 de la existencia del canal no es comercio (aunque sí es significante) es el hecho que Estados Unidos tiene que defender dos costas y tener dos navys es estúpidamente caro. Con el canal pueden cruzar el continente fácilmente. 

Además Panamá durante la época de la zona del canal Panamá era la puerta gringa al toda latinoamerica. OperabanWe give them full autonomy and a lpt of land to live in. They reject western lifestyle so we don't interfere and the result is they're extremely poor, have shit Healthcare, and shitty education. We gift them whatever scholarship they want though.

I don't really want to change the dynamic that much because every time the state sends people to vacciThere's a tree that grows HUGE and it's trunk is super wide. Its branches also grow super wide and never stop growing in thickness or length so it drops vines that once they reach the ground turn into support beams that keep it lifted by creating roots of their own and growing thicker like an additional trunk.

I don't know the name but there's a pEl banco nacional se está manejando mucho mejor que antes. Y que hayan incrementado el límite de prestamos preferenciales de 120,000 a 180,000 también ayuda a los compradores jóvenes obtener su primer hogar en la ciudad en vez de en las afueras.

Y la reducción de productos con precios controlados también lo apoyaba pero se revirtieron algunos por Depends on who you ask. Martinelli oversaw a historical boom but just like Lula, it was on the back of billion dollar projects that were 20% bribes. He decentralized everything and the government was throwing money around like 50,000$ contracts for washing a ministry's cars for 6 months and other ridiculous contracts. He only had one rule, every coYa entrenaste en rescate urbano? Esa fue mi parte favorita de cuando entrené para ser voluntario.

Si sí, hacen rappeling fuera de un edificio? Qué te pareció rescate a ciegas? Cuanto tiempo te costó practicar para que te saliera el tiro de manguera para que se desenrrolle perfectamente recto 100% de la veces que la tiras? Ya tienes tu equipo? Lo tNo sé si sabes esto pero muchos reos tienen celulares de contrabando y se dedican a estafar personas. Es muy común por eso hasta los llaman "call centers" cuando obviamente es solo un pocotón de reos llamando gente para estafas.

Osea no estoy 100% seguro que estaban en la cárcel pero es tan común que lo asumí. 

Y sí, dijo que era Juan (Apellido dThey rarely ever shoot at people. They do use their batons if you're confrontational however but rarely. Linces (our special unit that also patrols but with specific tasks such as finding a fugitive) are more trigger happy and aren't afraid of using force but their numbers are very limited.

Two nights ago we had our first protest in the city durinNot a war but the closest we've got, El Incidente de la Tajada de Sandia.

During the US gold rush, gringos would use Panama as the route to cross from the east to the west of the US and they treated Panamanians like shit so tensions were high when a gringo refused to pay a slice of watermelon.

Massive riots erupted and Panamanians killed a bunch Additionally, for college thesis internships it is technically illegal to be paid else it shouldn't be recognized by the college entity.

In practice however only state colleges care about that and even then it depends on the teacher supervising you. When I did my paid internship while graduating from a private college they just told me to make sur6?

Like I know it's a pressing issue and I try to minimize my pollution in daily life, but the most it's affected us is through El Niño droughts. 

The main main issue is that if droughts increase then the Canal will be at risk since the entirety of it is fed by rain water feeding the lake that cuts through the country but the Canal company seems En ese aspecto el documental es muy bueno. Los gringos le indicaron a Giroldi y los demás golpistas que tendrían todo el apoyo militar de EEUU si llevaban a cabo un golpe de estado. El ejecutarse el plan los golpistas se quedaron esperando la ayuda militar de los gringos para que vinieran a protegerlos contra las tropas de Noriega pero nunca aparecNo le pondría un porcentaje porque es una manera extraña de analizar la situación.

La gente estaba cabreada de la represión y el rol obvio de Panamá en el lavado de dinero y contrabando de armas y drogas en la región. Mujeres eran acosadas por soldados por todas partes y los batallones de la dignidad de Noriega estaban golpeando gente en la calle I've never heard of another country revoking citizenship for acquiring a new one, even if it is technically disallowed. You just lie to whoever asks and you're good (if they ever ask, again I've never heard of anyone being asked unless you're trying to work for the FBI or whatever).

One country will never go through the hassle of asking another coWhen I lived abroad the main thing I missed were my friends, family, and being able to connect to people. Also fresh fruit and beans.

Also missed the warm climate and daily blue sky. And seeing animals everywhere. When I was in Michigan's winter I would sit for hours by the river just to see the ducks cause everything else was so damn dead.

And tThey're called mercados here and they've slowly been phased out. The big ones have been moved to new buildings designed with tons of prebuilt stalls where vendors setup and sell their merchandise. We have three main ones in the capital, mercado de pescado, mercado de artesanías, and mercado de abastos for fruits and legumes.

They've been building It shouldn't be our capital. It's getting overcrowded so it's be best if the capital was closer to the center of the country. That way people would settle more over in the country, it'd be closer to the other half of the country yet still accessible to the city folk.

As for aesthetics, it goes from very pretty to incredibly modern, to shit every fIt's enjoyable. National news are actually national, not regional so there's a general sense of unity across the country. And everyone has family across the country or friend's family so we all tend to travel across the country and visit family/family friends that live in a town or beach so that's cool.

Being less people also helps when doing busiOsea, sí soy literal un profesional en esto. Y obvio tiene su costo pero es muy accesible para las empresas tipo Félix B Maduro, novey, do it, arrocha, melo, super deportes, Machetazo, súper 99, Riba Smith, o cualquiera marca conocida.

Pero por dinosaurios se están comiendo un cable. Lastimosamente tenemos esta cultura de nunca cambiar hasta que eRon Abuelo is the main one. Everything from 3 year old rum to 21 year old. Also have a 15 year rum line that are aged in different barrels so all three versions taste very uniquely. 

We very rarely drink non-aged rum.

I'd recommend the 12 year old rum, any of the 15 year olds, and the 21 year old though that one is expensive as hell (like 120 bucThis dude is like "you can't speak for your average Panamanian, and neither can the 99% consensus of that thread. But I totally can."

We already had a ton of Colombian and Venezuelan immigration here and Panamanians are xenophobic as fuck. And people are literally dying in the hundreds in the Darien trying to cross the border so he's got that wronActually it is something that most Panamanians have an opinion on the matter and the majority is fully against it. You can see a microcosm of the typical opinion [in this thread from a month ago](url) in /r/panama.

Why are we so opinionated about it? Because we are throughout our childhood in school that Darién is the second lung of the world afte&gt;BTW, have you checked the local influencers on Twitter and Instagram these days debating about local racism? As it always happens, no civil discussion and just drama.

Nah, I stay away from social media altogether for my own mental health.(only have an IG account because girls would look at me weird when I said I didn't have one).

It's always You've got it wrong. The entire third world is the canary in the coal mine. Everything you've described has been happening across the world, it's just now catching up to the states. Banana republics have existed for a while, you're just now risking becoming one yourself.

And tbh, being a peon to Russia, Europe, China, or the USA doesn't change mucI'm 100% sure Correa is guilty of corruption and received funds from companies such as ODEBRECHT but if the description of the trial in this article is unbiasly accurate... That is some sketchy justices.

We went through a similar problem with our ex-president Martinelli. We were all 100% sure he was guilty but the prosecution was so badly handled We don't produce cacao at any notable rate but in coffee, we are the best in quality.

[Panama sets new world record in international coffee tasting conference.](url)

[Panama produces world's most expensive coffee cup, the world's best Geisha coffee bean.](url)

We can't compete in volume production with most of the region but definitely #1 in quaBunch of small unorganized tribes across the isthmus. No technology or written word. Mostly spiritual subsistence farmers that would constantly migrate in search for food. 

Spain found us and were like, damn there's another ocean!! And the path to get there is pretty short yo. 

Used us to transport gold from Peru to Spain.

Captain Morgan burned Eso no sirve para comunicación humana. Osea obviamente puedes mandar ese location a un delivery o website y debería funcionar pero si quieres dar dirección a una persona es inútil. Por eso se requiere un sistema de dirección formal con nomenclaturas cortas, y lógicas. 

Tener ese sistema de código google sirve para interactuar a través de máquinas Sí. La situación del delivery es pauperrima en Panamá. La mayor razón es que no existe un sistema de direcciones formal tipo ZIP code/PO Box. Eso es un dolor de cabeza con el que aún lidiamos pero se puede mitigar con herramientas custom.

DoIt, Novey, Hopsa, Felix B Maduro, Yoytec, etc son el tipo de tienda que no debería tener ningún problema hacEso les pasa por querer armar sus negocios en línea a lo loco en vez ir con profesionales con experiencia.

Shameless plug: si conocen a alguien que necesita ayuda con ventas en línea, ya sea desarrollo de página, manejo de logística de delivery, consultas legales de requerimientos burocráticos, diseño, o whatever, la empresa para la que trabajo leMove boats from one ocean to another.

Also we have the world's best coffee (fight me). World's most on-time airline. Personally, the [pollera](url) is the most beautiful traditional clothing (at least compared to other ex-spanish colonies). 

[Mud-house parties](url) are awesome (towns come together to throw a party with free booze, food, and liveOK so i investigated and it is probably related to the fact that Panama and Liberia are #1 and #2 in cargo ship registries (39% of the world's cargo ships fly either one of those two flags).

Fun fact: Despite being a landlocked country, Bolivia is also known for registering cargo ships under its flag and is on the list of countries known for this Push buttons are one car garages that you park your car in. Once inside you press a button on the wall and the garage closes up immediately hiding you and your car and sends a message to the attendant.

Once the attendant reaches your room, you pay through a one for squared hold on the wall for your hour and she unlocks the room and disappears. ThiEvery woman in Panama gets cat called constantly in Panama. It is so common that only in the last 6 years has it ever been discussed and most older women said that it is part of our culture and shouldn't be frowned upon. The younger generation of women is obviously not cool with it though but it is an extremely new movement so it'll probably take 5Old /r/worldnews used to be my favorite sub. They wouldn't allow any posts related to the US even if it was just tangentially related. The main benefits were:

1. Clear rules, easy to mod

2. Drove out your typical USA \#1 trolls since we couldn't discuss any US news

3. It invited more foreigners to participate as we knew we wouldn't have to deal As far as exporting ideology, Simón Bolívar, Fidel Castro, and Hugo Chávez are the big ones. The others were influential in their locality but nothing like those three.

Simón popularized the idea of a free Latin America

Fidel Catro has exported his ideology throughout Latin America and Africa, and been the symbol of rejecting capitalism and US imI like the increased competition on the world stage. We are a big part of their plan for America (canal says hi) so we stand to benefit from it and they've already been very receptive to the few panamanian products we export.

We can't just be fucked by China due to the US always monitoring us (canal says hi again) so I'm confident we won't end up People that leave the country tend to be from the city and blacks are concentrated in the metro areas. Then it depends where you are. Most that go to NY are black but in Florida they tend to be white.

Also the vast majority of the country has black, white and native blood, but black tends to be in lesser quantities (1 black ancestor, 5 whites and 