Wait wait, so, according to you, more than 100 000 people that left Kosovo were all collaborators of the Milosević regime, which was over 95% of the Serbian population of Kosovo. What about the looting and desecration of monasteries and churches. I am an atheist, but desecration of cultural heritage that is as old as a thousand years leaves a bad iWe'll you can't say it didn't happen because it did happen in a smaller scale. I am not saying anything bad about Albanians in general, but as for the ethnic cleansing part, where is the Serbian population that was in Kosovo. It seems as though Kosovo is pretty ethnically cleansed. I am not disproving any proven atrocities committed by the South SlI'll just leave this right [here](url).

It has nothing to do whether I am pro or anti Albanian. These are facts. I am not saying the Albanian civilians had anything to do with it, but the government and collaborationsists did.

I cringe when I hear how Serbian people are a heavenly people but some of you Albanian nationalists just take it to a whoI've been to Albania about a decade ago and there definitely was some sort of prejudice against them, but I've seen the same prejudice against Kosovars by people from the Debar region and southern North Macedonia. It's mainly about how they are backward people and how they are bearded religious fanatics.

You should visit Albania especially the souMacedonian sounds like Russian to you? 
It's a very small country but nevertheless it has many dialects. In the north part, you could say that we speak serbo-croatian, since we speak torlakian which is the dialect that is also used is south Serbia and some parts of Bulgaria. In the eastern part, they sound very Bulgarian, I can't even understand thI've gone with this psu since it's the only brand I know and the only one which is in stock. There are a couple of 500w and 600w deepcool and sharkoon psus but I don't know if they are reliable.
 
And you misunderstood me about the HDDs. I am planning on getting one of the two 500GB SSDs m.2. Either the Kingston or the Gigabyte. I am also planning It's not on the level of Witcher 3, but it's still a great game. The graphics are great for a game from 2011. When I played it on launch, they were the best I've seen. It's was unimaginable back then what the franchise would become now. 

I am the same with the first Witcher. The game ran horrible on my PC. A lot worse than the Witcher 2. The combaCD Projekt have earned our trust, unlike Ubisoft of Activision. They always bring quality content, without any exploitative practices. And their expansions are worth every bit. I replayed The Witcher 2 a lot of times and it is one of the vest games I've ever played. I can only imagine what The Witcher 3 is like with its huge open world. 

One anothThanks. I have been patient for the last 7 years, but I can't wait any more. Besides, I will be playing old games for some time, since I have a lot of catching up to do. The only upcoming game which I want to play that comes to mind is Cyberpunk. I have been playing with terrible graphics for a long time, so I don't really need to max it. High settTužno je što je Hvar postao nedohvatan za lokalce. Imali smo Mazdu 626 tad. Auto je imalo mnogo problema okolo Boš pumpi, i u servisu su nas preporučili jednog stručnjaka u nekom gradu u okolini Zagreba, možda je bio Samobor, ali nisam siguran. I okolo to smo napravili odmor u Hrvatskoj. Išli smo na Hvar sa trajaktom. Našli smo jednu kuću koju je dOva ista slika je bila postirana na jednom sabreditu. U komentarima većinum reditori šta su imali flair Albanija, svi su se smejali na ovu mapu. A oni sa Kosovo, pa i ne baš. Albanci iz Albanije su totalno drugačiji ljudi od ovim Šiptarima na Kosovu i Severnoj Makedoniji (mislim na Severni deo Severnoj Makedoniji). One druge što žive u južni deo suU pravo si. Ali dosta je mržnja više. Mi nismo imali ništa u vezi sa to. Koliko sam ja putovao do sad, mogu da kažem da su svi ljudi isti. Kakav god bio. Jedino ako ima nekoja barijera u jeziku, pa to može da ostavi ponizak utisak, ali bar sad svi znamo Engleski.

Ali da obrnem malo sad temu. Koliko su sad cene po Hrvatskoj. Bio sam pred 15 godina Malo sam se lošo izrazio. Ali uzeo sam njim za primer zato što znam da ima ljudi što imaju lošo mišlenje za nas. Imam jednog druga, njegova keva je Čehinja a otac mu je Makedonac. Studirao je on u Češkoj i naišao je na jednog studenta koj kad su pričali nekoje bezveze teme, našlo se nešto u razgovoru za Srbima. I čeh je nešto rekao kao "a da Srbi, Pa nije baš tako, ceo svet ne mrzi, samo sam spomnuo Čehe zato što sam lično imao takvo iskustvo. A bili smo relevantni internacionalno, uvek smo bili na dobru stranu istoriji. Ali dosta mi je sa ovih mržnja, ništa se ne dostiza sa to. Samo žao mi je što niko ne spominje stradanje Srba. Niko ne priznava da su i oni nekada bili na lošu steanu istoriYou're getting too much into it, it was just a stupid fucking joke. And even if you think you are a flawless driver, you probably made some stupid mistakes yourself. Traffic rules are made by people, and they make mistakes as well. A lot of intersections and signs have flaws in them, which some people might not notice if they are doing everything bWell this is irrelevant. I was just saying that you have those kinds of i intersections in Australia. I've obviously never been but I would love to. People make stupid mistakes when they are in a foreign country, because every country has it's specific rules that differ from others. The driver might not have been used to those kind of intersectionsKako nas je sjebao Milošević. Jes da nismo bili totalno nevini, ali kako nas gledaju svi, ko neki ubice beba. Svi su radili loše stvari, ali nemožeš sa pričaš kako Srbi su radili etničko čisčenje a da ne spomneš kako Šiptari su proterali sve Srbe iz Kosovo, uništili sve tragove o njima. Kako smo mogli da dozvolimo da njima gledaju ko nevinih borce Well, of course. But here in Europe, the traffic light are set before the intersection, not after it. As far as I know, it's like that throughout the world, except the US and Australia. So the driver might have thought that he should stop right before the lights, like you do in Europe. Except he might have gone across a red light into oncoming trafPreko kurac mi je nacionalizam na Balkanu. Umesto da izgradimo jake ekonomske države, da kačimo životni standart, mi biramo hipokritične političare koji predavaju svima da su neki veliki patrioti, a oni prodali bi svoju majku. 

Toliko mislimo da smo nebesni narod, pa neli vam teknuje da svi misle to za sebe. Koje ondak u pravo. Gledamo nazad u proSo? I didn't vote on it. I dislike them for their imperialism. For their bombings, especially Serbia. For supporting terrorists in the 2001 conflict. Their entire system is flawed.

I am for a better collaboration between the Balkan states, but a full union is unimaginable. We had something good 30 years ago, but nationalism and outer powers destroI pretty much agree with Hamilton. He has made a lot of mistakes on the track, which were annoying, but as a human being, Seb is great. He is also, you could say, the most charismatic on the grid. And he doesn't do things like social media just for approval.

I used to like Hamilton more as a kid, but now he doesn't really click with me any more. HPodržavam ih. Isti oni ljudi koji njima muče danas i u prošljost, su pogoršali ovu mržnju među naši narod. Isti su krivi i za bezbrojne žrtava Američkom imperijalizmu. Ali ne sviđa mi se to što baš sad su počeli ljudi da primetuju to, kad su već url počeli da protestiraju. Nisu počeli kad se nešto desilo u Južnoj Africi ili god gde. Osećam se ko daPozdrav od Srbina iz Kumanovo.

Svak narod ima dobre i loše ljude. To me je naučio moji posao, sa kime putejem niz celoj Makedoniji, a ponekad i u zemlje u regionu. Nemam tu Albanskih prijatelja u Kumanovo, gde još imah onih tenzija koji su nastali 2001 godine. Ali imam puno prijatelje u drugim gradovima kao Struga, Bitola, Tetovo, Gostivar.

NadamI hope so. I don't think most of them have hatred in them towards other Ex-Yugoslavs, since they experienced it and had a better life in it than today. But they are pretty naive and they believe every lie that our scummy politicians tell them. I just hope that our younger people will stop blaming each other like their parents did, and work with eacAlmost all news channels in Serbia are in Vučić's pocket. They are not covering the situation. Only N1 are and they are blocked in Serbia because they are unbiased, like all of journalism should be. Like the time when Gruevski was in power. Almost all news agencies were not covering the protest, instead they were showing the protests that the goverI'm a south slav and you could basically say I'm white. We had nothing to do with the slave trade and killing of indigenous peoples.

But also, fuck the countries that are responsible for that, since today they are still killing people by bombing countries on the other side of the world and supporting terrorists and non democratically elected goverAre you mad? Should we also see the US flag with the same level of disgust as the Nazi Swastika, since they killed even more people?

The system wasn't the problem in the Soviet Union and Maoist China. And people weren't murdered there like they were by the Nazis. They mostly died because of famine, which is very different. I admit, there were peopI also currently don't have any means to play any game. I haven't played a game released after 2013. I have a lot of catching up to do. But playing Witcher 2 was enough to convince me to trust CD Projekt. I have matured since I last played a new game but now I don't depend on anyone and I am a lot more patient. I am very excited for it. I might butI am aware. I am as excited as anyone here. But people are taking things too personally. It seems as though this game is everything they have to look forward to in life.

It's alright to be excited, especially since it's CDPR. But it's unreasonable to assume that the game will be perfect and that it will be just like you imagined it.

That's what II agree with you on every point. I support the protests, and I know it's not all about looting and rioting as the media portrays it. I've read the history of the US and I know what black people are going through. Same with Indigenous people. I empathise with them because this is the same US establishment that has also destroyed my country. They areIt's the same here in Macedonia. But there are bigger issues that we have. Nationalistic people hate the Greek, the Serbs, the Albanians and Bulgarians. They are all to blame for their problems. We shouldget people to learn about our history and the history of our neighbouring countries. We should hate each other because we are basically the same pThat's an idea that I could follow. I shouldn't protest US police. Why do I care? But I care if they bomb me and bomb innocents. I despise them for ruining my country where the workers worked for themselves. Now they for an exploitative privateer and get almost nothing in return. Now, they own everything, all the basic need providers. They exploit You are better at this than I am.

It is the same here. Roma peoples have been discriminated against for a long time. Across Europe. There is ethnic segregation and discrimination here, but if you try to learn our history, seeing how its all tangled, you will find that everyone is somehow connect, or basically the same group. Croats, Serbs, BosnianDid you read my explanation? I am basically saying that people here care about racism in the US because is popular. Not because they care. They witness a form of racism and discrimination every day but they don't bat an eye. And things will not change here until we start looking at ourselves and not the US. 

I have my own gripe against the US estaIt's similar with Balkan countries and especially Serbia and Bosnia. People think theres and a war going on still. It's the same with Iraq and other countries. Normal life continues. Even during war. Our standards of living maybe aren't as high as they are in the US or western Europe, but we still live the same way. We drive cars, maybe not the newŠta da radiš, to je. Teško će biti u one zemlje koji zavise na turizam. Kanila me jedna prinateljica da idemo da Pag da radimo, pred je ovo sve počelo. Ima ona neke rođake iz Hrvatske. Ali i da prođe ovo za brzo vreme, ne verujem da će imati mnogo turista, tako da, neće da ima ni velika potražnja za radnike. 

Da, povećati znači. To sam i hteo da kVidećemo, ako nađemo neki posao tamo, može, ali bez to se ne isplati. Daleko je Hrvatska, najeftinije nam je Grčka za sad. Jeftinina je i Ohrid koja je najveća turistička destinacija u Makedoniju. Odavno nisam išao u Hrvatskoj ali, hteo bih kad završi sve ovo, ima puno mesta gde nikad ni sam išao, pa i gde sam išao, sve sam zaboravio. Ali dobro, sv I u Makedoniji 95% je glasalo za odelivanje. Slažem se posle Tita, nije bilo dobrih lidera. Ali ljudi su krivi šta su im dozvolili da stupu na vlast. Hrvatima je sada bolje, ali kakvi sve korumpirani kriminalci su stupili na vlast i kod vas i u svih bivših republika. Nemože od jedanput da nacrtaš granice gde ih nikad nije bilo. Da deliš ljude poreJa sam iz Makedonije i većinom ljudi ovde pričaju za Jugoslaviju u pozitivnu smislu. Osven one nacionaliste koji misle da su antički Makedonci psuje komuniste a oni su im dali državu, koju ne su imali nikad u istoriji. Svi stariji pričaju da su imali drugove iz svih republika kad su bili u vojsci, i da su svi bili dobri ljudi. Ali ne znam, nisam jaCome on man, don't get so offended. I was just trying to make a point and be a bit funny in the process. I am obviously a bit of a cunt as well for ruining the clip a bit by vaguely knowing the guy and commenting. 

It's Reddit! The site is filled with condescending people. Being condescending is a trait that probably most people have.

Besides, whSorry buddy but flexing on people kind of makes you a bit of a cunt. 

It would be almost the same as if someone with a big dick tried to pull it out and show it off every chance he got, or went on omegle and pulled out his penis to show it off. Obviously it's not the same because it's illegal, but you get my point.

I think that the majority of peI mean yeah, he has a good physique, he obviously likes doing it, body building because if you want to achieve that, you have to enjoy doing it. But in his videos, he comes off as a real cunt, and that is the problem. I mean yea, you can look good and show off once in a while, at the beach or at the pool for example. But removing your shirt every fI am also from the Balkans, so a couple of landmines i places where usually people don't go or aren't really supposed to go, don't really scare me. I've been to Albania, but this reddit post is the first time i am hearing that there are land mines there. Probably it's the doing of Hoxhas regime. I've also been to Croatia where there are still landmSo Kosovo Albanians just wanted to independence and to live in solidarity with Kosovo Serbians in an independent Kosovo? Where did the 200 000 Serbians go after the army withdrew from Kosovo. Granted, the Serbian population started declining after the 70s, but not as much as it declined in the late 90s. 200 000 people don't just decide to migrate aLol. You know that animals can get viruses as well right? Is this a joke? For instance, in the region that I live in, there was recently a plague that has devastated the swine population. The virus isn't transmitted to humans but it is very deadly to pigs. Since we know that there are viruses that attack certain species, we can assume that a countlIt doesn't work that way. The demand for those services has significantly decreased. And I suspect that the demand will continue to be lower after this ends. People will be scared to travel and also because there are a lot of people who lost their jobs or got pay cuts, less people will have the money required to travel. It's just basic economics. SIt buzzes when I play. The strings don't buzz once I'm high enough on the neck. I tried to adjust the saddles and I almost maxed them out. The buzz is less significant now, but it's still there on the lower frets, or even when I strum it openly. It might be the nut. Due to the current crisis, I won't be able to order any new parts. Do you have any The amp is perfect, can't hear the buzz through the amp, only from the guitar. All the string's are hitting some fret, even when I am openly strumming it, which creates the buzz. I checked the neck and it appears to be straight. So I decided to raise the saddles. I almost maxed out the screws, and it is a bit better, but there still is some buzz. AThey are cut for HSH, I think. They did it to save cost, but it also makes it easier for the consumers to modify their guitar. I don't know if I would have to change my tone pot as well if I decide to change the pickup because the HSS and the HSH models have coil splitting. I haven't modified a guitar previously because I like to keep them originalYes, but that was after it all fell apart. Serbians were the most numerous ethnic group living outside of their ethnic majority country. They shouldn't have been driven away from their homes, but then again, Yugoslavia should not had gone to war to establish control in the regions outside of Serbia that had a majority Serbian population. To me, theThat was the case after the war in the late 40's and 50's. But after that it was much more relaxed. Things like that happen in every country where the economic system is changed. At least after that they built something that is good for everyone. In my country, that is the Republic of North Macedonia, the previous government did all of those thingsI wasn't born in Yugoslavia, but every account that I've heard of it from my parents, grandparents and every other person from older generations, except from people with very nationalistic Macedonia ideas, has been quite positive, compared to today. My grandfather from my fathers side was able to raise 3 children, own and build a house and own a caNot just because of it's size, but because of it's system. Politicians are incompetent and corrupt. They finally are doing something for a change bit still they are too slow to react. We should learn from the mistakes of our ancestors, and try to improve our relations. Greetings from an ethnic Serbian from North Macedonia. I wish you to keep safe dWell yeah, it was made up of mostly Serbians, but there were also Montenegrins in it. And in the early stages there were quite a few Macedonians as well. It's very sad how it all ended. The loss of life is staggering. The saddest part is how people who lived in harmony together for so low ended up killing each other. As current events are progressiYea, but you know what the internet is like. There are a lot of comments that are in poor taste. And judging by the picture, OP has other family members that are also going through a difficult time, with which he should share his grief. I know that there isn't a right and wrong way to grieve, but sharing a photo on the internet, especially on a sitThe problem aren't LED headlights. The problem are idiots that put LED lights in old cars with regular headlights that aren't designed for LED use. The light shines everywhere. It isn't that big of a deal in normal weather, but if theres mist, they wont see anything as well l. In newer cars with factory LED headlights there isnt' a problem. The ligIn the EU, mostly what you see on the pack are warnings and gruesome pictures. Even the branding of the cigarette is below. The graphic pictures take the top and main part. In some non EU European countries, the warnings are not as obtrusive. The branding takes the top part and theres a warning below it, and on the back side of the pack theres a grIt can dissolve. Their assets will be sold, the licenses are assets. There should be a limit for how long a company can profit from artistic work. Come on, you can't argue with that! Painting for example. Do you think somebody should have the right to buy the Mona Lisa and just take it and store it in a vault, forbidding any mention, copy and photoNo, you are! I'm not focusing on the 10 year limit that OP said. I think the copyright should be theirs as long as they are alive. After that, it should be a cultural heritage. Think of it this way. You are an artist, and you are moderately successful. You suddenly die. After your death, your work becomes suddenly successful  and a media conglomeraBut it isn't like you have more power. You have less traction. You have less resistance from the ground because of thinner tires, resulting in a wheel spin. And if you have driven a lot of cars, you will know the difference between a powerful and a less powerful car. It's like saying a real rwd drift is the same as pulling a handbrake on a fwd car.