Exactly. Thats what op is trying to say. 

We support BLM as a movement as you are trying to say. We simply do not support the organisation.

The organisation we find has goals that directly conflict with ours, eith the organisation supporting and pushing for marxism and all. If the BLM organisation simply remained anti-police, we would support thaThe community in of itself is a government. Leveraging its power onto others or face threats of violence/ agression. 

Physical removal if an individual does not want to leave, enforcing rules that is decided upon by whoever owns the community who can likewise use that power to force people to stay. Forcing people to abide by the social contract. O6. Refer to 5
7. The NAP is defined as, no direct violence, no implied violence, and no breach of contract against others. Yes. How this will be interpreted will be determined between different arbitrators. We dont need a centralised state to determine the NAP, just a general idea on what it is
8. And? The non-psychos outnumber them. And if a psych1. No
2. False, voluntary militias and freinds do exist. And even if you are poor,  fraternal socueties can back you up with the fraternaty police force. 
3. False, if the worker is granted equal power with an employer (unlike in todays world) the worker can hold power over buisnesses. I can explain how uf beed be.  In addition, competition, corporYou look between the lines to try to find some way to "incriminate" me. I am not saying it is somehow pacificm. i am saying that initiation of force, IE attacking former government employees for merely existing. 

The fact is, we live in a society where alot of people have very little or no choice BUT to work for the government. would you consider The "crime" in yhe sense of the word is to be defined as "a violation of the NAP" it isnt so much a crime as defined by the state but as it is defined by the people living in a society. 

The NAP, As it is generally referred to has a general consensus (and as anarchists there is no "great source" who essentially defines the NAP, Rather it is generaPedos done always have that urge either. 

You can be a pedophile while never acting in that interest. Pedophiles do not always have that "permenant urge" like you and your hoppean bretheren would like to think. Drawing conclusions on what group a person is affiliated with rather than the actions of each individual is an outright statist and presum"You are pretending that YOUR opinion is true."

Actually no. It is the generally accepted fact. 

Those not doing crime are not punished under the NAP. If you are a communist, you arent immidiately killed for thoughtcrime like you hoppeans would want. Likewise if you are apart of government, and not responsable for the harming of others, aka, you Irs agents coerce, a violation of the NAP. 

It appears you fo not understand the three ways one can violate, violation of enacted contract, direct violence, or coercion. 

Coercion, and therefore what the irs agents do, is a violation. 

And you dont seem to recongnise that not all people in the government HAVE violated the NAP. Record keepers, liThe act of participating in the government is not a biolation of the NAP. Dealing with the status quo, and  being paid by qn employer is not a violation. You are not causing harm to individuals by being a school teacher or a firefighter or a nurse. 

Taking part in violence such as being a police officer and coercing people, IRS, military or other Its more of a buy in bulk system. And fraternal societies are a more generally good thing in anarchism. Group funding and management of resources under a free market system does have its benefits. 

What i beleive OP is referring to is not socialism by the socialists definition, but socialism in the socdems definition, of government controlled healA preemptive strike is a violation of the NAP. If there was no crime committed by them, you are the criminal. In fact, preemptive strikes are a statist thing to do. You could say anyone that you dont like is going to do evil then kill them for it. 

The potential for violation does not justify them being killed for their beleifs or ideas. So long aWell right now we live in a society that does not think that the worker is on equal par with an employer, in fact the worker often tries to impress and employer, much like packaging on a box of cereal. The worker does not consider themselves a contractor, but they see themselves as a product, something to be bought and sold. In an interview, and inThe issue is, union 'busting'  occurs because there is a high demand for workers to get jobs. 

If there is low demand, union busting does not work, and people cannot just easily replace other people. In a low demand for workers need to get jobs with organisations like fraternal societies backing them, workers unions will hold power against the bouA few reasons:
Consumerism in the job market. People no longer sell themselves as contractors, but rather as products. If more and more people stop blindly accepting wages, more and more people will have the ability to contract themselves more efficiently. 

The states support of corporations also plays a big part in it. The state gives away a ton This is of course assuming there is a set resource cap, and that even if there was that it can be easily monopolised. 

While under a state, yes monopolisation happens frequently and swiftly due to the states giving power to companies that they unjustly obtained. Under an ancap system this would not be the case. 

Suppose you set out to control theA method by which to prevent companies from getting this power is to start workers unions and fraternal organisations, lower the demand for wotkers to get jobs. 

At the same time allow for free immigration, immigration which includes euntrpreneurs, and do the supply of jobs will go up. In this situations the worker has equal power with the employeA good way to retain anarcho-capitalism and freedom is to abolish individuals having power over others.  If each individual is equal in their power with others voluntarism, and voluntary societies can form. 

As it stands the US is in no way the ancap utopia. And while i sort of see the connection, the usage of force, and the monopoly of power doesHowever the "non cooperators"  can still obtain technologies needed among other things to create the things these 'patents' would cover, completely voiding them and making them nothing more than words on a page. The non-cooperators can still obtain these goods or get their own firms to replicate these goods as no doubt there is a market for it. No The belgians enforced it. And encouraged his behavior. 

Its like if i wanted to take the island of bermuda. Now suppose colombia also wanted the resources and goods from bermuda. I ask the government of colombia for a ton of goods and resources to start to acquire land. I initially start it off peacefully, but as soon as i get a foothold, i start That is false. Imagine if you claimed to own the mcdonalds logo. Then someone else, a competitor decided to use that logo. This logo does not violate the NAP and them using it is not breaking it. 

There is no way to uphold IP without violating the NAP. In fact, IP and patents can only be implimented by using force to prevent others to use it. ie, Intullectual property gives monopolies away under government enforcement. IP wouldnt exist under an ancap system. However artists should look into getting authentication liscenses as well as putting in watermarks that are hard to spot or remove. 

This way artists can have more power by selling authetic work and will have far more selling power thaFalse. Governments do not = companies in any reguard. In fact they are nowhere near company standards.  It is a gang of theives whose power is derived from guns and force over others rather than voluntary trade. 

In addition you think like a hoppean, and as we all know, hoppeans arent ancaps. 

In order to retain an ancap society, heirarchies exisAh yes every communist wants to slaughter absolutely everyone. In fact every single person who even thinks of the word marx should be put to a firing squad for wrongthink. 

Communists arent evil people. They are people who think that workers ought to own the MOP, which mind you CAN be acheived through voluntary means via communes and you know buyi Why, what happened to those 100 children that went missing from dissident households?  What happened to hundreds of protesters that whoops went unaccounted for? Why i do wonder what is going on in cuba or those other secret prisons where they were taken to without any constitutional rights. (Though we all know the constitution is a joke anyways, nAh yes because all societies when they start up are immediately successful. America when it was founded immediately had trillions of trillions of dollars, had automobiles and trains spanning the entire continent. 

A society, when it starts, will start off with some issues. This is the case universally no matter the context. It is the same case witI know they wont..in fact it is in their ideological code. Killing others because of beleif is inherintly anti-libertarian and anti-anarchist. 

I know damn well that these people are reasonable and rational people like you or me. Get off your spree of licking boots.  Actually have a decent conversation and LISTEN. Actually be reasonalbe and not juople can be communist and form communes voluntarily. Communism is not some inherint evil, just people who beleive in certain things. 

Killing them for their beleifs is unjustified and a violation of the NAP. Coercing them because of their beleifs is unjustified and a violation of the NAP. 

Communism is not some evil enemy, just people who have diAh yes. I definitely should not hold myself to a greater moral standard than my enemy. In fact i ought to always kill everyone for wrongthink just in case there is a miniscule chance that it is needed. 

You are completely wrong indeed. Most communists in the anarchist/libertarian sect do not beleive this, and most communists beleive in universal hThere are different sects of communism each with their own beleif systems. Much like how capitalism has different ideas with varying degrees of statism, so does communism. So far, society has only seen authoritarian communism, just as society has only seen authoritarian capitalism. Both have led to many deaths, not because of the economic system, bThe main danger is the state. Other "Capitalists" wont care about actually acheiving any sort of capitalism. All they want to do is stay in power. 

Allying with anarcho- leftists allows for a society where each economic ideal can live in peace quth one another. Being a leftist is not an issue if they voluntarily live their own way. 

Your fearmongHoppeanism isnt anarcho-capitalism its just feudalism/ fascism

There is georgism (landlords are a form of state), green-ancaps (pollution is a violation of the NAP), aviationists (basically egoists but goldpilled), pink ancaps, basically hyper progressives like myself, and  fraternalists, Workers unions, and fraternal societies keep companies fromIts like if I were to beat up a person because of their beleif. Fear is a driving force among authoritarian and conservative circles. What if x does a?  This is similarly seen in cancel culture. People are afraid of others and their ideas, so much so that they opt to silence them out of fear of being silenced. 

We wish to take steps to remove thisLiberland is an minarchist nation currently occupied by croatian forces illegaly. It is currently attempting to get recongnition as neighboring serbia houses the liberland refugees. Currently there is a liberland embassy to the EU, Though officially the EU does not recongnise it.

I reccomend going to their governmemt website to get more info. It iYes. 

But one can display any flag of their choosing. If you want some ideas on what flags you ought to fly as an ancap, i can give you a few,

The gonzalez battle flag

The gadsen flag

The green mountain boys flag

The republic of cospaia flag

The flag of the pirates republic

The icelandic confederation flag

The flag of the free state of libeAgain. The "direct democracies" are the minarchists. 

True ancoms dont want direct democracies. They aknowledge that democracy is a form of heirarchy, and would rather the community voluntarily acheive their goals. 

And the private property thing is our rules. If we go on their turf we follow their ideals, when they are on ours, they follow our rYou are still violating the NAP with coersion. 

Wanting something to happen, and wanting a leftist society, spreading your ideas is not the same thing as having a gun to your head. 

Oh and so your "social contract" is in effect. I wonder what other institution says "if you dont like it then you can just leave" or "you gad an agreement to muh sociEven then. "Kicking them out for wrongthink" ,using force despite the individual not violating the NAP. It is a state. A community of people "democratically" voting to force someone to give up their property for "the greater good of the majority"

Do you know who else does that? "Democratically" voting to force an individual off their property to pYou really arent. Hoppes "throw muh commies in the ocean" is inherintly statist and inherintly violates the NAP. The alleged "potential" to violate the NAP is not an excuse for you to take their freedoms away. Everyone can potentially violate the NAP, so are you just going to kill everyone you see without hesitation? 

The NAP only applies to actioA strong union, and an empowered worker are key to securing capitalism. To give each worker the power to move their own life in the way they want and to ensure freedom for workers one must ensure that unions and fraternal societies are ensured. Fraternal societies are the safety net for the worker. They ensure that the worker can make their own decOh i was refereing to a situation in which a person just shouted cheese at random, but i see your point. 

And no. I do not support fascism. I do not support mouthpeices. I would hate on them just as much. 

However just because i dont like what people say it does not mean i want them to be silenced. I am a trans rights advocate myself, 

I dont liThats exactly what i was trying to get!

Like if was treehugger and a sign said: "legalise my bushes" it would make complete sense. 

Or if discord wore like max stirner glasses and wig, 

Or scootaloos aunts saying "gay rights" 
Or if fluttershy held a sign that said. "Save the trees!"
  And in small text said "because i want to be one" 

I would And to the fashie they see it differently, where they see themselves as morally good and trans folks as morally bad. 

It is easy to say that you are morally good and great. It is hard to say that the other side thinks of themselves the same way. 

It is hard for fashies to say that trans folks see themselves as morally good, just as it is hard forAll sides see themselves as morally good and correct. To each side if we look at a comparison of beleifs both sides see themselves as morally good. 

I do not agree with the 14 words, and frankly i see what fashies say as a bad things, but i recongnise that the fashies see the same thing of trans rights, my beleif. 

Ban both sides, or allow both. They argue that private property contributes value to society, and personal is valueble just to the self. If it produces value for others and yourself it is private. 

However the issue is, according to their LTV theory, and STV theory all personal property has the potential to have value to others. So therefore with the potential for all property Well no, you cannot prevent the transfer of ownership to anyone else. 

Its like if i signed a contract with a landlord and in small print said i wasnt allowed to leave.

You cannot do something that prevents someone from doing something on their own land, their own property. 

I wouldnt support these homophobic enclaves, but i would rather toleratI mean they are probably diwnvoting me because they think i am a fashie. But i actively advocate for trans rights, and i support it. I just go to mlp forums to see cute horses, not to be bombarded with political stuff from the fashies or anyone else. The whole situation on derpi just irritates me. If that one guy hadnt gone off to the media none ofRights in general are a political thing because people perceive rights differently. Is. X a right is Y a right? That is the question on a more philosophical level. How are rights obtained? Are they inherint? Are they given to us by the powerful? Are rights a spook and the only thing that exists is humanity? 

Rights are inherintly political as righI would like to make this comment to clarigy things. 

I will only be able to reply once an hour or so, so if you dont see me respond to your thing, dont take it as a thing as to where i am ignoring you. 

I support trans rights. If you go through my profile, you will see many posts about me wanting trans folks to have equal rights and opportunitieWhere do you get that idea? I put up tags on the site where everything is like that. 

I hate the african slave metaphor just as much. I hate neo nazi stuff. I dont want to see that either. This is why i put up the tags. 

I want everyone to express their opinions, trans rights and everyone. 

But if we are going to ban one thing we ought to ban evI rather support the idea that as an archival site it is the duty of the archive to archive everything, so long as it is legal. 

I do not agree with their blatant censorship, but as a private institution it is well within their right to do so. 

Also its good to note that a majority of the fandom does not approve of derpis actions. 

I would ratheBecause these "voluntary" contracts will turn into states quickly as you give them more and more power. And as they gain more power the more likely it is they will abuse that power, and the more likely this HOA will start to invade property owners territory upon the approval of those members of the HOA. The HOA becomes a state, and will go to war wNone of it is voluntary, in fact those people who arent paying taxes are often hunted by the IRS and its agents and they often have to isolate themselves because of the force used against them. Those who have tried to contest it have been typically assaulted by the IRS and cannot live a voluntary life on their own. 

The state encourages and perpetThat is exactly what they do, if i dont want to use my money to build a road or fund police, they still use force to get me to pay, even if i deem the government as unethical ir corrupt. The social contract does not exist, rather it is a system of violence to keep people compliant and in chains.

In fact, this all taxes are, coersion to force you tYes. They do. Its called coersion, the threat of violence and the impending initiation of that threat of violence. Taxes are mot the price we pay to live in a society. 

Imagine if i made a burger on my own, then i grab a gun and force you to pay for that burger i indended to make for you. You did not ask for the burger, nor did you nessecarily wanBuy buying land, i own it completely and utterly. I font need to abide by some local government exerting firce over me. 

Oh and what will stop this HOA from becoming a new state? Growing in power and influence until it reaches a point to where it controls military and will start kenyesian economics with buisnesses around it? What will happen in thSo you own the land, but somehow the HOA extends is jurisdiction to you? 

It claims your land without rhyme or reason? 

If you own property you can do what you want with it,  not follow some newly formed state trying to extend its authority over you. 

If you buy land, it is your land to do with what you wish, not be forced to lick the boots of tThats the thing, you make the assumption that i beleive in LTV, wherin you beleive that all capitalists are theives. 

However I subscribe to SVT, or the idea of subjective value that in all bargains nobody is a theif unless one side coerces another. 

Capitalists do not do such, you value your labor at x, the capitalist values it differently. You Who is to say private property is abolished? Unions would be a thing sure, it would be private property of that  co-op, not public for all co-ops to use unless they wanted to. 
Capitalism is the free market. The two are inseperable. If the free market determines that co-ops are the way to go, then it is still capitalism. 

Capitalism does not requi1. And we are fine with that. That is the nature of competition. We still see it as anarcho-capitalism, so long as the markets are free, and people have the option to compete other buisness structures against co-ops. 

2. The LTV, we see as false, and the only true value is SVT or subjective value theory. We see that the LTV does not accurately por