This kind of thing has been going on since the last generation. In fact for a good couple of years Microsoft was the ones securing the exclusive content. Grand Theft Auto 4 was a big grab by them because they got the two dlc games exclusively for a whole year. 

I have no doubts Spider-Man will be released for all eventually, Marvel and Square EnixThe fake products worry me. I was bike shopping, found one I thought was within budget range and looked cool, but was sold out. Then Amazon started recommending similar ones from different sellers. The picture of the bike looked exactly the same, but different brand name. Then I tried looking up the brands and couldn't find them. I realized the selLook, the game is great, but there's definitely some technical mishaps in regards to animation in this game. There's plenty of terrain where Jin is either floating a half inch off the ground, or his feet are sunk in. Some of the npc animation is stiff like you said, and it bugs more than it should Jins movement doesn't change when going up and downI still can't believe they opened with GTA5. It was almost enough for me to turn it off. I really don't even think it deserved anything more than a blog or article.

But a lot of what they showed looks cool, it was a nice mix of sequels/established franchises with new IPs. I just hope those new IPs aren't glorified tech demos. I've noticed new IP gFirst mission in chapter 1, I went to do the sensei one. There was a captured fort along the way and I figured it would be easy since it was early enough in the game. It wasn't. I died maybe 5 times just trying to get through all the enemies, then the fort boss was a whole other 5 deaths. This game definitely doesn't let you button mash. I'm still She's as puppety muppet as they come. The points you like are written for her while the dumb shit you don't is her being off script. Same as Donny. While most politicians have their ideas they spout handed to them they usually don't go off script because they have no idea what the fuck they're talking about and know better. 

At least in the past. He's in this one. It leans more into RomCom than the other ones I mentioned and kind of drags on towards the end but I thought it was pretty funny, at least when it came out. Like you I'm pushing 40 so the humor of these movies didn't age well for me. Plus my buddies and I always put these movies on after a night of drinking so I've seen them a milI think it would be an interesting period to explore. Prohibition sort of revived the outlaw gangs of old. Horses still had some purpose even though cars were around. There still could be some themes of the old west and the new America clashing through all of that.

My other vote would be to follow some unnamed bounty hunter tracking down the Van DMy wildly unpopular opinion is a lot of first person action looks like shit because it's barely evolved in the past 20 years. Some devs do put in effort to it but a lot of them just attach arms to a floating camera and call it immersion. I'm not knocking CDPR for the choice here. I think they'll do a great job with the world at least. But I'm sort I haven't bought Madden since '15. It was one of the first games I got with my PS4. Prior to that I bought yearly from 07-10 and it took me that long to realize I wasn't getting a new game every year.

Anyway, this is a big bummer because I figured PS5 would be the time to get into the game again but since they've just shit on Franchise mode I guesNot to get through grief, but I did jump back into it around mid April sort of at the height of my states lockdown and with all the craziness in the news it was a nice relaxing escape. Prior to that I played through Resident Evil 3 which left me with a big hanging anxiety. Usually I don't experience any emotional changes from games but I think it wIt is weird to see how much they just shit the bed even between seasons 7 and 8. Like, 7 sucked, but even then it felt like they were putting in effort. But 8 really comes off as garbage even below SyFy standards. And mostly everything else about that season 8 was top tier like you expect from the show. 

Just reiterates the saying, you can make a I said this in another thread, but he's the surviving member of the original three (that got their own solo films in phase 1) that has lost everything and still has nothing. Tony sacrificed having a family and received legacy, Cap sacrificed his legacy and received a family. But Thor came out of Endgame with nothing. I hope it's not in Marcel StudiI'm really interested to see where they take Thor now. Out of the original big 3 (that got their own solo films) he's the one that lost everything. Ironman sacrificed his happy home life and received legacy, Cap sacrificed his legacy and received a happy home life. But Thor truly has nothing now. I hope they don't just kill him off and replace him I've been somewhere between baby and shaky since I started in 2018. I made 1 big lucky hit with some AMD options that made me over confident and I've never been able to make the same good choice ever since which made me emotional and lead to a lot of stupid plays. 

Then I tried being diamond for about 6 months which lead to nothing, and the coronaI'm pretty annoyed with it right now. Was looking for a bike and found one I liked in the price range I wanted. When I went back to look at it a few days later seller was out of stock and I started trying to find one from a different seller. A bunch of "sellers" had one but I could tell the pictures were heavily photoshopped and the brand name evenI just finished the story on my second playthrough and had no idea there was so much going on with Beechers Hope. You can basically do all your farm chores, sell you goods in town, then sit down for a family dinner. And my favorite surprise was going to bed with Abigail and saying goodnight to her. Totally pointless gameplay that exists to make it I've owned a Samsung Smart TV since 2013 and it will be the last one I ever own. Eventually Samsung stopped updating the OS along with the app versions sometime in 2015, about 3 years after the model was produced. The apps work fine but it sort of makes me feel like they want me to rush out and buy a brand new TV instead. TVs aren't something I wan1. First Class
2. Wolverine Origins, the majority of this seems to take place after First Class would
3-5. X1 2 3, Origins sort of leads into X1 with Wolverine losing his memory
6. The Wolverine, takes place after X3
7. DoFP, this move then splits and starts a new timeline which leads to Apocalypse and Dark Phoenix (which I haven't seen yet). Then I've always liked First Class, I started my marathon with a chronological order (which doesn't work so well without ignoring all plot holes and retcons) and that's one of the ones that still hold up well for me. X2 is still good, X1 not so much. It had some pretty cheesy dialogue and the action sequences weren't as good as I remember. Wolverine OriI went into it expecting a giant Zelda experience. I was really expecting more traditional dungeons to open up in each region after divine beasts were freed. Sort of like OoT or LttP. The shrines were too tedious. And the whole crafting aspects and breakable weapons really didn't help me enjoy the game more.

A year later I played through God of WaA couple years ago I created a TV schedule for myself with the stuff on streaming I wanted to watch. 2 hours a day (I was riding the bus to work). 1 episode of a drama and 2 episodes of comedy for from 2 different shows. Monday-Thursday was different shows each day and Fridays were movies on my watch list. I broke it up like a traditional TV scheduI've recently been tackling my backlog. I have quite a few games that have been on my shelf since my first year of PS4 I never got around to like Sleeping Dogs and AC: Black Flag. They probably would have been great games to me back when they first came out but now playing them feels like a chore. So much side shit to collect it gets overwhelming. I never got to play the original. So I fired up the demo last night going into the Nemesis experience fresh.

Fuck this guy. Coming off the RE2 Remake, I thought he'd be a pushover like Mr X. First encounter I figured I'd just run from him and hide. Only I didn't know the map well enough so I didn't know which way to run. He killed me. Then second 1. Ghost of Tsushima
2. Cyberpunk 2077
3. Resident Evil 3
4. The Last of Us 2
5. Avengers

It's definitely on my list for the year but I feel like it's lacking in more recent gameplay videos for me to really get hyped. And I'm really curious as to post launch plans for more heroes and content. That being said I went ahead and ordered the CollectorsI agree. Even as flawed as BvS was I liked Affleck for the role and had big hopes for a DCCU but that all fizzled out. Even though I don't like another reboot/recast so soon I'll definitely be there for Pattinson's debut. I hope it does well enough we can at least get another trilogy that's more comic book grounded than the Nolan run. I liked the NIt's also not a good way to measure pay gaps because there's nothing about how much actual work hours are put into making the film. The male lead may have been on set more than the female. Screen time affects work time. 

And really at the end of the day, agents and managers are the ones negotiating pay so if a female isn't getting as much as her mThere's a lot of character interactions we missed out on but that's the challenge of fitting so many characters into pretty much 1 movie. Part of me thinks it could have been great if it was a full blown trilogy, Thanos by the end of the first movie could have had 2 stones, and the snap happens at the end of the second movie. Endgame could pretty mI played Renegade get the job done by any means Male Shep in 1. 2-3
Paragon because of his death experience made him more empathetic and really wants to save life in the Galaxy. The catch though is I spared Wrex out of respect for his bad ass attitude.

Fem Shep was the opposite. Dutiful goodie two shoes in 1, but bitchy bitch mode for 2-3 for feelI'm pushing 39. From about 19 to 35 I always tried to get my friends together for my birthday but it was always hit or miss, mostly miss. Eventually I just gave up because no one ever really seemed excited to celebrate with me except my parents and sister. Even now with spouse and kids, I'm very meh to celebrate. It's just another day to me. AlthouI bought Witcher 1 back in 2011ish. Played through about 10 hours but got sidetracked by other games and never managed to circle back around to it. Fast forward to 2017 and I jumped into 3 and couldn't put it down until I completed it. I decided I wanted to go back and go through 1 and 2 before moving on to the dlc for 3. 1 has not aged well in terI want to see more games like this try multiple time periods with the game map reflecting the changes. I think it would be interesting to jump back and forth between the 60's and the 90's. Imagine one main location in the 60's is a coffee shop, but in the 90's map it's now a 20 story office building. Or an old warehouse district in the 60's is now There's no trophy that requires horde killing. The trophies in this game were so easy to get and I had the majority done just by playing the game. I'd say maybe the toughest one was getting 75% of the collectables but I just ended up using a guide and even then I already had 161 of the 181 necessary. I'd say this game was easier to get Platinum tha&gt;I think the difference is, the M3 doesn't feel like a punishment or a compromise.   The Bolt is styled like a Toyota Yaris.  It's as sexy as granny-panties.   I still can't believe the company that gave us the original Bel Air and Impala completely forgot how to make a care that didn't look like a sad lump of dough.

This has always been my disI think you got the mail on the head. I had NES to N64 which I got in '97, right around when I was 16. I remember playing MGS at a friend's house and it really grabbed me as a game. My library of N64 games was always small because it just didn't have enough that appealed to me. I think I got a PSX not too long after that and my library of games forLike others have said the game doesn't start to pick up until you progress the main story a bit. I had the same reaction as you but was surprised when the story really gets going. And having just passed I point I thought might be the end, it surprised me even more. Definitely keep it up. I'd say mostly focus on main missions and camp jobs so you caI haven't played any since Sim City 4, but the challenge was always balancing city budget. If you build too much too fast you run out of money until you get a good income from taxes. You can get a good income from taxes when the population/industry is in high demand. You can only drive up demand with taxes that aren't too high.

Then you have to wo&gt;I’m one of those weirdos who only plays COD for the campaigns, once they’ve been superseded enough they’re discounted to shit. 

I actually want to pick up some of the older ones but I never catch them when they go under $20. I did happen to go on a drink spending spree on Steam a while back and bought pretty much everything from CoD2 to Black Been gaming since the 80's, and mobile is the absolute worst. I even got excited to jump into remote play on my PS4 on my new Samsung tablet I got for Christmas only to find Android 9 doesn't support ds4 and I'm sitting here wondering what kind of masochist would try to play a PS4 game with touch screen controls like what the fuck is the point of hThere's a big scam going on targeting gullible Christians that have them duped into thinking a global currency reset is about to happen. They get told to buy dead currency like dinar or zim and then Trump will put his "powers" to use to trigger a reset which will make these currencies worth millions. OP sounds like he's getting a glimpse of that sc&gt;It reminds me of my reaction to Max Von Sydow as Tekka: why would you spend the money to hire such a talented and recognizable actor/actress and then do jack with their role? Tekka at least got a scene in which he's prominent, Phasma's armor is all over the posters but I think she literally has 80% of her total screentime depicted in the traile&gt;Almost like a Kevin Feige role.

When you compare the two franchises since Disney took over, it's clear the reason MCU was so consistently successful is because of the central direction Feige gave. 

K. Kennedy didn't seem to care about keeping the sequel trilogy on a course, though I think Rogue One and Solo were nice for stepping out on theirI just kind of stopped back in August after 22 years of being a binge boozer. This is my longest break since I started drinking at 17. It's not really my intention to quit forever because I still like the taste of beer and wine and whiskey, but every day I don't wake up feeling like shit after drinking, is making miss it less and less. My wife wantI hated it but I didn't give it a shot as a co-op game. I went into it expecting Resident Evil. It wanted to be a cover shooter but it also tried to keep the old RE gameplay elements and those two didn't mix at all. Your AI partner was also completely useless. Which is another sign they really wanted it to be a co-op experience. I completely skippeAt this point, I don't know what I really expected out of a sequel trilogy, but these movies definitely weren't it. There were so many post OT novels and stories that they could have just adapted and it would have been great, but I guess Disney really thought it would be smart to try to do something completely original. That's fine, except it wasn'I've been free and clear for about 3ish months now after 22 years of being a binge drinker. This is my longest streak of not drinking since I started. Over the summer my short term memory was becoming seriously questionable along with constant sleep issues and I decided to take a break. 

So far... I think I'm slightly improved. I can at least makeI just spent the last month running through Breaking Bad and &gt;!then watched El Camino last night. I couldn't get over fat Todd being fat compared to the final episode of BB. I kept trying to come up with my own head canon as to why Jesse was remembering Todd so far but I couldn't do it. Everyone else was so similar in look, but sorry Mr. PlemonsI didn't know that but it always bugged me in AotC there was a lot of backstory to it but it seems like it would have worked much better actually shown rather than alluded to with some dialogue. I also didn't like the jump between 2 and 3 and how we just got Grievous thrown at us. He should have been at least introduced on Geonosis as part of the sMy only one is Spider-Man. I recently got around to Shadow of Mordor after having it since 2014, I think I might have 4 or 5 trophies left till Platinum that but the side activities burned me out and I'm ready to move on to something else. That's pretty much how it goes for me with most games, I get burned out after too long and after I move on I uEver since Mass Effect I've made it my gamer life mission to man whore my way through any relationship these games let me with the goal of a threesome. Every game just makes you pick a lover with a dialogue choice with no fallout of dicking everything in sight. 

But The Witcher 3 leads you on to believe it to come true, then fakes you out and leavI feel X-Men would work best as a series because there's going to be a ton of new characters. A series would give use plenty of time to flesh them out with all their complex relationships vs trying to cram them all into a 2 1/2 hour movie.

I liked the general plot of First Class and I think something like that would work, introduce Charles and EriI almost gave up on Netflix but I actually got started on a some new originals so I'll stick around for those.

I got a free year of Disney + and I didn't really watch anything yet but it seems like a mountain of content.

Amazon Prime is just a bonus.

I have HBO Go from my mom who never used it.

I can't imagine needing anything beyond those fourThat's such a garbage idea for writing anyway. "We just killed off the most hated villain in the show, but don't worry, this guy RAMSAY will be even more hated and evil"

"If you thought RAMSAY was bad, wiat till you get a load of our newest hated bad guy, EURON"

They had the most hated villain marching south the entire show, then just waved a magSomehow I slept on Shadow of Mordor. I bought it back in 2014, my third PS4 game. I got the Destiny PS4 bundle a couple months before that, and for the longest time it's really all I played. So I bought SoM to play since my love for Destiny was waning. I remember playing it briefly but life events took me away from getting too far in to it. So it jThere was a erotic copy pasta version of this where a guy finds a girl so willing to submit to him he basically encases her in concrete alive but hooks up a bunch of feeding and breathing tubes and what not so she stays alive. 

It was kind of horrifying to read. This is a watered down version irl and I just can't understand the levels people go toOne of the best kept secret surprises from Infinity War was Red Skull so I'm holding out hope for more of that type of character surprise in future films, especially with so many characters coming home.

My theory for Fantastic Four is their first MCU film will take place in the 60's, but they were lost to the multiverse or quantum realm at some poIt was a great entry into the franchise and really did a lot to expand the lore of the MCU, but it also was a cookie cutter hero origin story we've seen 100 times before. 

Hero runs into problem, hero is granted powers, hero expresses reluctance to become powered hero, hero embraces it and saves the world. 

I hope Marvel studios can come up with This is why I think X-Men should be a Disney+ series and not a movie. Even the first class has a lot of characters, and packing them in to a 2 hour movie doesn't give is a lot of time to get to know them. Sure Guardians came out of the gate with 5+ Yondu, but the X-Men will also need to flesh out the brotherhood of mutants as well. Plus when you stFor the most part I agree. Solo didn't add much to Hans character and it was just awkward watching someone else play him. The whole heist plot was fun though. I think it would have been a better story if it focused on Beckett running a crew and Han was just a side character. And Han should have been a teenager in this, to avoid the weird casting isSolo wasn't as bad as I expected. It ended up being a meh entry into the franchise, and there was a lot of questionable choices but I didn't think it was TLJ bad.

I've read the leaks about RoS plot and it feels like no one learned anything from TLJ. It's just a mish mash of ideas more like fan fic. The fact it's closing out the trilogy with Skywal