Literally getting downvoted for having a perfectly valid opinion... For what it's worth, I agree that Laporte probably isn't (yet) better than VVD or Ramos, but I don't think it's because he was out for half the season. If VVD had been out for half the season we'd probably still be saying he's no. 1 or 2. 

People on this sub should also remember LThese numbers are well well off, as per Delloitte's own [2020 financial review](url):

Liverpool (£310M) only spend £5M less on their wage bill than City (£315M).

Only Chelsea (£314M) and United (£352) spend more than £300M.

Honestly can't see where 88M is coming from. Perhaps wages you have posted are before performance related bonuses (which isCompletely agree that some people do say euros. Obviously he is wrong for saying no one says it.

If you'd have just said "The English say euros", I think it's all fair enough tbh. But the second part ("You know, the language you are speaking?") came across as crass and condescending. Honestly, I don't even know why you needed to tell him what langNope, euro is correct in the plural. Euros is fine as well, but euros is only really used in the UK. As I mention above, even the Irish (the only English speakers of the Eurozone) say euro and not euros.

Also, believe it or not, the English don't own the English language, just because the English say something one way doesn't mean everyone else haFrom my experience, only the English/UK says euros. Even the Irish (the only English speakers of the Eurozone) say euro. It doesn't matter how people say pounds or dollars lol, both euro and euros are correct in the plural. All that matters is that the eur- root is maintained. That's as per the European Commissions own spelling and pronunciation guWell yeah, they've been great in two leg ties but that's not evidence they'll be bad in one leg ties. I don't know how the CDR is formatted, perhaps that would be a better indication of how they do over one leg.

I think really it will come down to how everyone else looks at this tournament. If everyone approaches this like a normal CL knockout matNGL I am shitting it already. If they score one then this becomes a really nervy tie if we're not ahead. It really is still wide open imo. 

Saying that, the degree to which some Madrid fans (and players) are underestimating us is ridiculous. All the 'We're fucking Real Madrid' shit is getting old already. The way they talk you'd think they were beYeah, across the season, we've conceded 10 more league goals than Madrid.

However a lot of that was without Laporte. We've conceded 29 goals in the 24 games Laporte hasn't played since FEB 2019. For comparison, in the 19 he has played, we've conceded 6. Our goals conceded goals from 1.2 without him to 0.3 with him.

That's why I looked at since reAs a city fan, I personally agree with you. Honestly, I think the guy above is being a bit flippant (particularly saying "no other choice is valid", how ridiculous xD). Madrid's best chance is to sit back and hit us on the counter imo. Anyone who has watched us this season will tell you that's how you're beating us, and plenty of those teams did soI've not seen any T1 journalists come out with anything yet, But if it's true, i'm honestly gutted. I think he'll be fucking brilliant and it looked like by going for KK we might even be working a good path for him into the first team.

Don't want another Sane situation though. If there's an inkling that he see's a return to Barca as his long term Honestly yeah. I still want Pep at City for as long as possible but Arteta looks great out there currently and seems to really have picked up a lot from Pep. If he continues like this into next season and it proves to not just be a honeymoon period then he does look like a ready made replacement. 

Saying that, I don't know how easy it would be getGotta say this is honestly the best I've seen Arsenal in what feels like a decade. Playing out really well, taking control of possession and penning the opposition in, incisive runs from the wings, quick one-touch passing at times. Looks a bit like Arterta wants to play more like our style in 17/18 than our current style. Perhaps that's him playing&gt;But if we want the club to last long term we need to hold on to our pennies unless its absolutely essential 

This is simply not how things work. Businesses don't grow and compete by penny pinching, they grow by borrowing and investing in themselves. We can easily afford to be spending £100M per season irrespective of sales, and tbh it's probabAs a Brit who has lived in various countries (and as an IR MA), QOL is certainly not better in the UK (and it's rapidly getting worse).  It ranks lower than the US on many QOL indexes, as difficult a metric as that is. 

Saying that, you're general point is correct. QOL in plenty of EU countries (Denmark, Germany, Netherlands, Austria, etc.) is mucHonestly dude you should just stop talking to this guy, he's completely missed on everything he's said, like literally he's wrong on nearly every point. He clearly didn't even know Senegal made it to the AFCON final then said they went out with a whimper (in a final KK didn't even play if memory serves). Dont waste your time going back and forth wiI don't think you've really watched him play. I'm sure you know that some forwards are much more than their goals.

Notwithstanding, we're talking about a player who has put goals past Madrid, Bayern, Barca, us, Chelsea, hatrick vs. Monaco when they were champions, and is also the second highest scorer ever in the Uruguayan NT. 

Also, nobody here This is mad disrespect. Cavani was great for both Napoli and PSG. And below you even say he's had personality issues despite being considered one of the nicest and humblest PSG players (ok, this might not be saying much xD).

He even had to deal with Alves and Neymar playing fucking piggy in the middle with him when he wanted to take a penalty.

DePretty sure Mendy did have a little knee or leg problem when he first arrived. I remember it being reported at least. It could have been one of those "stops playing pre-season for Monaco and the coach says he has a knee problem (but really he's off signing for another club)" sort of things though. Then he picked up the serious injury within 5 gamesSpot on. People here are seriously underestimating Ake (let's hope I don't eat those words).

Plus, he gives us something our backline lacks which is pace. I don't think it will be quite as clear cut as Ake only being a backup. Pep changes a lot for the opposition and against teams with pacey forwards, I could totally see Ake coming in alongside LaI'm British and currently living in Belgium, I'd say both countries are the same in terms of tipping. It's definitely not a thing like it is in the US.

Saying that, I am disappointed that footballers on millions a year aren't tipping. The Ubereats app (for me at least) currently sits you on the tipping screen for about 3 seconds after placing an oFor me, looking purely at PL winners, it's between us (17-18) and Arsenal (Invincibles).

If you're taking into account other trophies, I think Uniteds treble season also comes into play, and then our domestic treble from last season. Those for me are the four best seasons.

The next 4 (5th best to 8th) is a toss up between: United 08-09 (double wiYes, they had buckets of heart, completely agree. And I think that both 'luck' and 'heart' can go some way to explain why teams are able to deviate effectively from the statistical average.

Saying all that, I don't think Liverpool had *so much* heart that it warrants the largest statistical deviation of any team, in any of the top 5 European leagu[url](url) . Pretty revealing tbh.

People can say what they like about xG/xA and xPTS, but there are often serious stats which underline these models, and give you an idea of roughly where you should be. This season seems to be a massive statistical anomaly. But, C'est la vie. Time to press on now to the CL and into next season. Let's win the CL, No idea if you'll have the answer to this one: I received the first email and have filled it out (I am UK), after pressing 'submit' I came to a page with a message saying that I will receive an email in a few minutes, but I haven't received anything. Have checked spam/promotions etc. but nothing. Is it normal to wait 30/40 mins + ?

Thanks again :)All great points here. I'd also like to add that we do already have a great looking young CB coming through the ranks in Garcia. A top class, older CB not only provides more wiggle room for Pep to carefully manage Garcia's development, it also signals to Garcia that whilst we are buying in his position, we are building with a route for him to eventApparently both Thiago and Pep have said they don't want to work together again. No idea why.

The Alaba transfer though makes perfect sense. Can play backup CB for Laporte (he's just not better than Laporte at CB imo) and would be an absolute starter at LB by a mile (I mean, he's arguably the best LB in the world). Would love to have him as I've aIf we end out in pot 2... give us a top team. We can beat anyone and I'd prefer to be watching us vs. Bayern or Juventus than a smaller team.

The one thing I never want is the lads having to travel thousands of miles for an away day in Moscow or something. I feel like that's a much bigger deal than getting a tough team. I'd take PSG over Zenit allYou're trying acting like a couple of points is the only margin City have over you, i'm pointing out that we were better on nearly every aspect, not only points. For me, it's a wide margin.

Using Top-6 matchups is also very common to illustrate how well teams handle the other top teams. 24/30 points illustrates that we weren't just flattrack bulliI'm personally not a fan of this one. Buuut I completely agree with you. Puma has shown a real desire to bring creativity in and to ground that creativity in research based on Manchester and its history. It feels like their design team is really given the freedom to actually design and that enables them create something special, the furthest thing It's a shame what such a big decline can do for people's memory of a player who has done so much for the club. He was outstanding in 17/18, has been good to great in other seasons, and just really started to fall off last season.

Commentators have always had some strangely skewed opinion of him. The amount of time he was described as 'being a red Does anyone else watch our PL games right now pretty much entirely from a KDB focused lens? He assisted the assister two or three times vs Brighton. I'm pretty much only watching him on the pitch xD.

We won 5 - 0. Sterling with a cheeky hatrick, and yeah I'm happy, but still a little sad that there's no assists for De Bruyne. With not much else toHonestly, I would never have expected to get the enjoyment and excitement out of yesterday that I did. I honestly think I experienced the same levels of joy that I do when we win a trophy. That sounds insane, but I really loved it, the whole day. I don't think we will see another day in football filled with so much hate, bitterness and jealousy froHe's right though. You have zero actual evidence for what you're saying because CAS haven't provided any further information yet. "CAS announced you did exactly what you were accused of." Where? Are you literally just parroting what the comment above has said from Sam Lee and twisting it into a CAS press release? Jesus, we really do live in your heCopied my comment from the other post:

Well for me, even if they finish on 102, their season will always be behind our centurion season now. We scored 30 more goals than they have so far (GS record) and they've just matched our goals against i think. I believe we also won every head to head with the top 6, they've obviously lost this seasons head Well for me, even if they finish on 102, their season will always be behind our centurion season now. We scored 30 more goals than they have so far (GS record) and they've just matched our goals against i think. I believe we also won every head to head with the top 6, they've obviously lost this seasons head to head with us. On top of all that we aI've watched a lot of Napoli over the last few years, mostly because they were gorgeous to watch under Sarri. I've watched them less this year. In total ive seen him play about 30 times over the last three or four years, and an additional 3 or 4 for Senegal. Why Senegal? Because I honestly rate him so highly I actually put a bet on them to win the Fantastic player, but I don't see what buying a right winger will do for us. He can play on the left, but he's right footed. I Would personally much prefer to see a left footer on the left like Leroy. Perhaps Pep has given up on that, but I loved us in 17/18 when we played with traditional wingers stretching the play more.

Edit: I'd like to add thI've been a massive advocate of Koulibaly on here for years and I think I have even stated that I regard him to be as good as or close to VVD (a bit worse defensively, a bit better at short/long passing). Perhaps he's just been particularly outstanding in the 20 or so Napoli games I've seen, though. 

I also don't have an issue with the age. In facOK, you clearly haven't read a single source i provided.  Literally the first one is a UN report on UK media bias. I mean, have you even read the titles?! What do you think "The British Anxiety. The Discourse of Eurosceptic Tabloids During the Brexit Campaign " is about?! I'm sorry, you clearly just don't understand or don't want to.

You're remain1). Well again, when the media is (intentionally or unintentionally) reporting crime by BAME communities at a far higher rate than crimes by white communities (and at a heavily disproportionate rate), of course morons like you will see that as an excuse for racism. Further, I shouldn't have to mention to you that crime's committed by any person of 1). I'm British xD

2). Three people getting knifed has nothing to do with it. There is an upsurge in racism in the UK dating from the Financial Crisis and that's a fact. My field of expertise is literally Discourse Analysis in the sphere of IPE (international political economy) and security studies, and I've written various reports on how various Yes, it's big news in the US, but it's pretty big news everywhere. In the UK there is a massive history of racism and the country in itself is currently having a bit of an upsurge in racism, white supremacy, Islamophobia etc. that is propagated particularly by the right wing tabloid media. Racism was a driving factor (not the only factor) in BrexitI cannot believe how much coverage NBCSN is giving this. The racist twat who put this up is probably loving how much media attention this is getting.

I'm not saying people shouldn't be reporting/talking about it, but by bringing it up twice in a half and then showing images of it at half time, you're giving it so much more coverage than it deserveHonestly, it's a matter of consistency. If they want to say Salah can win it in 17/18 despite Liverpool winning literally nothing and us setting records left and right, then they can't deny De Bruyne (clearly the best player this season) on the basis that he's not winning the PL (even though we may still win a lot more than Liverpool this season).
Be careful you don't put your professor in a spot here. In many UK universities, it is considered deeply unethical for professors to receive things from their students, down to a cup of coffee. Many professors feel quite uncomfortable receiving things from their students, and they may well insist on sending it back to you (which might be difficult Lots of great games listed here, so I'll a bit of a weird one that always stuck out for me. Losing 3-2 to united in the fa cup in 2012. Kompany sent off at like the 13th minute, they were 3 - 0 up at half time. We came back with 10 men to 3 2 and nearly equalised in added time. They panic brought back scholes(?) over xmas and he came in and nearly Hate losing to the rags, but have to admit I love the fact we make them look like relegation fodder whenever they play us. It's clear who the best team in manchester is, regardless of result.

Ultimately, this game didn't matter for us, we rotated and rested, whilst it was a cup final for them. The only issue for me is rhythm but hopefully we'll geReally hope we go to Madrid and just play 'our' game. I don't want us to go back to the defensive set up we usually take in these away CL ties.

We lost to both spurs and Monaco on away goals and the idea of leaving Madrid at 0-0 honestly feels scary. Score draw at home and we're out.

On the game, Madrid play a slightly different style than beforeI personally like the idea of having multiple decks in a bo3 or bo5 format. No overlap on champions allowed between decks. No replaying deck once its won a game. one sideboard per player (I.e not per deck). 

Only having one deck per player (even with sideboard) feels like it could screw players randomly if they happen to run into the one player whNo idea how people can trash Pep on this one. We were fucking brilliant until the goal. Yeah we were shaky for the 2nd third, which is normal, but we rode it out. We then took control of the game very well and passed them to death. Also, let's be honest, there's nothing pep can do about Silva passing into a worse position on a one-on-one. DefinitelThere is a part of me that agrees with this, on a pure entertainment point. The derbies in that 2010 - 2013 period were some of the most intense high stake games I've ever seen. They were fucking electric. Whether its Chelsea or Liverpool, no title race feels like it did with United. Obviously things are different now, we've just won two prems on tOk to actually try to answer your question.

1). Looking at some point in March.
2). Depends on the how the team is playing. Right now Sterling is exhausted on the LW and we have no other natural left wingers, so right now it's likely Sane would play quite a bit for us, if Sterling returns to form though, Sane might end out just being more of a supAhh yes I agree last minute winners aren't luck, I'm just pointing out that there were plenty of moments we came very close to not hitting 100 that season. Perhaps it's not really relevant.

I do agree that there are some serious questions that need to be asked this season, on VAR implementation and specifically on cross-game consistency, and also Hate to say it, but youve still got a give credit where it's due, they have been brilliant this season and despite some luck they do deserve the league (as things stand).

We also had our share of last minute winners that season (sterling vs someone, jesus on the final day).

Either way, even if they get over 100 pts, I still think our season then Aguerrooooo will probably be the biggest sporting moment of my life. We've seen multiple 'big' comebacks this decade (Barca-PSG, Barca-Roma, Barca-liverpool - Hmmm, there's a pattern here),  but I don't think we'll ever see something like 9320 again. 

Leicester winning the league is a solid second though. Some of these though are in no way great 'Well looking at this, he has custom liquid cooling loop on a 1080ti, assuming hes not bottlenecking he probably also has an equally expensive cpu, and that ram comes to about £400 if memory recalls. All in all this setup probably set him back £3k to £4k. You can build a good enough gaming pc for £500 - £900 really, but it all comes down to what youSaid it for the groups and I'll say it again. Bring on Real. I'm dying for us to play a big European team (last was Barca?).

I also think City need to be challenged properly in the CL from an early stage, and that means playing someone good. I'm sure one of the reasons the last 3 CL winners finished 2nd in their groups is because they were forced Exceptional. Dude is super calm under pressure and is great at finding teammates with short passes. He's not Laporte/pique good, but he's better than VVD (VVD long balls are probably better though).

He's basically a Puyol type player. Strong, positionally excellent, good in the air, but better with his feet than Puyol was. I'm not saying he's bettJust to add a little bit more for people watching the draw:

The pot 1 draws really do matter. Pay attention to who else is in city's 'tv' bracket. The two brackets are (A, B, C D) and (E,F,G,H). For instance, If City and Zenit are both in bracket 1 (A,B,C,D) then City cannot get Lokomotiv from pot 4, which is a big deal (fuck travelling to Russia)Alright lads and ladies. It's time for another years addition of the idgaf-unless-I-win-it-trophy. In the red corner we have the here-by-defaults lining up after winning multiple trophies last season, including the prestigious premier league hearts and mind trophy. In the blue corner we have the oily boys, whose last hit single 'stairway to Saudi' 