Ok so I was sparked to really look further into his life, thank you for that push. 
For someone who grew up in a small farm worked hard to go to Morehead College graduating with a degree in the mathematics field and Perdue getting his masters while working full time for the Navy.  That is pretty impressive. Especially knowing he went to Morehead duTrue. Thank you for the response and not just the down vote.  But maybe it’s the fate he chose. At some point we can’t cancel out every thought goes against ours. Or otherwise we will be on the receiving end. 
No matter what in his 75 years he was more than a month and a half of Covid. He rose out of southern poverty as a black man and that should Teacher and a lawyer.  Maybe the cost of classes shouldn’t be the same across the board.  College is a farse and a money grab. They have the government by the balls with the basically non bankrupt clauses.  

I agree and will encourage my children to do trade but you realize it was a government and educational push of everyone goes to college rightI teach at a 3-6 school and we have two options. 

Virtual : One teacher in building teaching all kids in that grade. They have to do 6 hours of schooling. 

Hybrid. AB split days. A- mon tues in building. Wednesday deep clean of building. 
B- thurs/ fri in building.
Students will not leave the classroom, but we are trying To get recess an option. I had a car phone and was expected to check in when I arrived. As an adult I can and do look at the world differently than I did At 16.   The more you know the more you grow. 

Of course my daughter knows I am 1 too lazy to keep up with tracking. 2 it will only be when I can get a hold of her.  So sorry welcome to a technology based world.   

My dI believe dad should apologize for his over reaction of yelling. This is a good case for owning up to mistakes and show her how to grow as a person and own to her own mistakes.  Discussing how hitting is never appropriate and ways to cool down before you get that frustrated. 
I have a 15yr old and the constant wearing down is a problem that I have I enjoyed Sandy trying to help her be a better manager of people and o believe Hanner took it to heart since she went and watched a video on being a manger.  I can also appreciate Sandy pushing Kiko to be a better yacht chef and talk to the primary.  Sandy is good at seeing weak spots but tends to put people down for them instead of letting them grDo you know if this student has suffered Trauma-informed care?   I had a student this past year that had many MANY traumas in his life.  He is the sweetest kid to his family, friends, and teachers.   

If I was getting after another student or he felt someone was starring longer than he liked he would flip the fuck out.  I mean screaming throwing tI work in a 99% POC and 96% black school. I teach 5th grade inner city.  I have been called a racist by parents and students for no real reason.  
What has helped and I will continue to do is build relationships.  It takes time and the longer you are at a school and build the relationships with kids family and community is the end all be all.  AlsoIt blows my mind when people say the black community is ruining “their” neighborhood. It’s no longer their neighborhood.  Developers came in and bought cheap to sell high no matter who it hurts. They don’t care about the citizens of the neighborhood. The black community doesn’t want ( maybe they do who am I to say) a bunch of young 20 something wokThat is true. As I was responding to someone else I was able to express it differently. 
I knew what he was protesting and behind that but I was more gate keeping, as a privileged white person, as how I felt it should be done.  I was the camp of “don’t disrespect military” when that had absolutely nothing to do with it and I was willing to stand onReality is that Europeans had guns.  Either they help or they get taken. Many tribes refused to allow the captured slaves to travel their their communities. 

While there was slaves in Africa before Europeans they were treated vary differently and some could actually become apart of the tribe that captured them. 

We cannot less then impact of whitIn relationships there is a lot of growing and understanding on both parts. He obviously doesn’t understand female anatomy and can’t comprehend how this happened. Even in this enlightenment of age he just might not know. 
It is not okay he shamed you and he should be open to a discussion for this relationship to move forward. 
Have a talk with him I guess.... that sounds like an admin problem not a teacher problem.  I miss my students. I miss the bond of the last months of school. I miss seeing them daily. I miss teaching them. Sorry if I do what I can as a teacher at home with a 5,6.15, and 70 ye old mother that I also take care of, as well as helping my husband work from home.  Just becausNot reddit savvy but your post : 
I love this whitewashing. That was the compromise, because quite literally the majority of reps were people who dearly wanted to be able to convert you harder. Our country was founded because Puritans were chased out of England for being too fucking religious and taking it out on everybody.  That sentiment didn't jWhy you going to block me too?  I do look at this time period a lot every year. Am I an expert no, but I do know more than the average person. I read the thread. Puritans came to America to stop getting killed on England but didn’t have a huge push on our foundation as a country, well at least as much as you’re making it out to be. 
If you would liThat’s not true really at all, from my understanding and research. 
Separatists in England wanted to separate themselves from the Church of England which they did not believe in to the degree that made them or King James happy. They didn’t want to follow the King James Version(KJV) of the Bible. 
King James allowed the Sepratists, or Puratins, to cI don’t think Gina meant shade by it at all. Over the age of 30 and maybe 35 of was only socially acceptable to “be bi” in college and spring break. 
The social acceptance of anything hetero has gone through the roof on the last 20 (maybe 10) years. 

I think this is also what makes Vicki so mad. She was super “edgy” being the openly sexual one whiEven if you trust your child, children can get in over their heads quickly. 
Receive a dick pic from a boy you know in Hs= possession of child porn. 
Send a suggestive picture,even with clothes on, could be distribution depends on perceived intent. 
Talking to an internet stranger and it gets too intense quickly or too intimate?  
These are not thiThanks for your suggestions have reached out and haven’t heard anything back, which is why I am here.  Ya know, in a GLOBAL community where people might be from Guatemala to help me out. 

Not lumping them together as if they are one country or anything like the sort. For you to assume I am so culturally insensitive is annoying.   The only option wI eat lunch with them. During centers i will pull one or two and just talk to them. I go to their games or really take transition times to talk quickly with them.  Just get to know them the much I can. 
I also talk to others that know their family and can give me a heads up on family situations I can talk to and use that information.   I invite theI know this is said a lot but the relationships you build with the students have helped me a lot. I teach 99% free lunch, highest transit student population in my state, and most cases with CPS involved. I do my best to know my 60 student ( I know some have way higher numbers) and show them how to be successful in small group with all being held toI teach on the lowest schools of schools of my state
  Highest free and reduced lunch for the state. From 4th to 6th only 30 scored proficient or distinguished. We had major turn over (25) teachers last year. We are expected to teach at grade level with rigour but honestly they are at 3 grade levels behind maturity level and academic. 

So much is First let me say I am terribly sorry for what has happened to you. No child deserves this. 

As for our comments back and forth I believe that we are discussing two different things. Acknowledging someone else’s struggle with CSA doesn’t take away from your different  and just as struggles. 

I never attacked your character or anything about you, bMy low income students,well all of them, try this with me. I let them know that I honestly don’t care what they say or think about me. I’m not here to entertain them but help them grow as learners.  If there is more I’m thrilled, but if not there is always next year. 

Most of my kids are just trying to pick a nerve that I have no fucks to give on.Don't put it on the teachers who choose to.  Just like any job I have had... and I entered teaching late and have worked corporate jobs.... people shouldn't be judged because they like to do more.  If a teacher is good bare minimum should work for them.

I get tired of the bashing.  Want to work more? Do it!  Want to work your hours do it!  Both arSo much this!  When I get home its family and wine.  At school I'm focused.  If you work at home or at school it doesn't matter.  Just like most other salary jobs you get paid for your job not your hours.
1st grade mat have more prep time but less grading than 5th or 12th.  Like I tell my students let's not interject ourselves into things that do nMy husband loves strippers and wants me to be apart of it.  I don't mind e enjoys it and I encourage it.  The first time we went together he bought me a lap dance and the girl was AMAZING.  For the first 5 min or so she shat with me and we shot the shit about kids or whatever until I was comfortable.  Then all she did was praise me and my  body.  IYou are amazing.  I do not wish a break down on anyone though.  Take time to rejuvenate  yourself.  Teaching is a calling but also JUST A JOB. 

Preschool is so very tough.  Probably one of the hardest since so many special needs IEP and 504s  are not in place. 

I think you are awesome. I think you deserve more.  These children are so very lucky tIf you have the freedom to be the teacher you want teaching is so much more fun.  
I do not have to work, it helps, but not needed.  I have learned to embrace this freedom and do what I was hired to do, teach kids to love to learn.  My admins will like it and keep me or not and I move on.  I do what is expected of me with all 5he other shit we have10 yr olds are the best.
  They are becoming aware of the world and how they fit in for the most part.  I would assume that as a ward of the state he has had his hard knocks so he might appear tough, but I promise he is a fun loving dough of a boy.  Not ready to br a man but trying to figure out how.   They are still precious enough to want to pleaNot taken rudely at all, I am not the bst of using my words clearly.  

I mean that the contract in my understanding is binding only to a certain point, like filming obligations etc.
If the contract says the crew will not interfere and someone gets killed by a cast mate drunk driving and crew didnt stop them they could be taken to civil court.

Of "WeThey're not that different from you, are they? Same haircuts. Full of hormones, just like you. Invincible, just like you feel. The world is their oyster. They believe they're destined for great things, just like many of you. Their eyes are full of hope, just like you. Did they wait until it was too late to make from their lives even one iota of He didn't seem to get aggressive in ways that were not accepted.  He crossed a li e that Rhylee wasnt comfortable with.  She made it known. He stopped.   

How I read your comment was the girls at the club need protection from him and arent able to take care of or choose their own actions for the night.  
It just came off weird to me apologies if IDo you enjoy coming off as a pompous ass?
I am on reddit and not submitting a dissertation, but in fact, my personal experience to back up the post I was responding to.   I am not expecting a sound argument from first graders, but the ability the phonetically read.  If you took the time to remove your head from your ass and took time really look atI got hired 4 days before school started which definitely put me behind in planning.  I have 7 subjects with an admin that has a progression of teaching and student products that must be addressed.  While I do have q plan to keep me on track, student need for sure direct instruction pace to a point.  

I do love doing extra cureicula activities andI was still sick so I wasn't thinking too clearly.  I do typically put in 6 to 8 hours on the weekend, but keep myself close to 40 hours a week total work.


I plan for 7 different subjects to teach, differentiated centers for both math and reading for my home room and then lessons for RTI math and reading differentiated.

That alone takes a long tFeel free to come show me how to manage my time more wisely.  No snark would love it.   I work my 7 hours &lt;roughly&gt; a day from 820 to 340.  I do get a 20 mon lunch bit that includes dropping students off and picking them up, so it boils down to 17ish min.

I do get a planning that is 50 min,  it again It includes dropping and picking them up I guess it is because it makes them feel attractive.  If a 20 something with a decent body likes me it must mean I have value.  /s
Just look at Nickle.  It's as if she won a url Azan.  In no way would a guy of his stature attracted to someone of Nickle's size, typically speaking, unless fetish.

Sonifna guy shows interest despite size and or age thI cant figure out how baby boomers have to do with millennials.  It's like their grandparents.  I am 37 and my mother was born in 1955. She is the end of the baby boomer era and I consider myself part of the "Oregon trail" generation which is the bridge between Gen X and millenials. 
I'm ready for most people to stop bitching, suck it up, and make 13 and older is not an adult.   Between 13 and 17 you are still a child.  

I only say that it matters that you do not have a child because you are so flippant about a pedophile who prefers children under 13 to move in next door to someone who has three young children.
Being young yourself you seem to be unable to put yourself in the position of thOkay!  I was going to hook yall up if not lol.   
I always say my husband and I were close to an arranged marriage.  Of course without abuse and we had choice, but we didnt know each other well.  Our love has grown so strong over our 5 years and our family is better because we are committed to this marriage out of choice from the start. 

I think yThe additional story lines of Gilbert really bothered me and the drifters.  Just ugh.
I did love learning more about the stable hand because he was in the original.  They could do so much more with Marilla and her neighbor bff, starts with an L. They could keep making it .often without going super crazy out of the time period.  


Long of the shortI used Moviefone to check current times.

Played outside until the street lights came on and we pushed it until the pink was almost out of the sky.

Parents left us home alone all summer.  I remember the first time we called to order pizza and they already had out number.   Mind blown.

I remember being online when I was 12 or 13.  I was the originI know what you mean.  When I was 23 I was in a very abusive relationship.  It took him hitting me  and splitting my eye open when my daughter was 2 months for me to finally stop the cycle.  
I would feel bad for him because he had a rough childhood or he was so far from his home, or he would cry.
I know how hard it is for whatever reason, they breSounds like you're a damn good dad.  She will respect you more and probably be more willing to listen to your advice because you have admitted that you are not perfect.  All you can do is continue to grow and guide your daughter to new her best self.

I am glad to hear you are getting closer to your parents.  In the end we are all just doing our beThis warms my heart so much!  I am so happy you got out of such a toxic relationship.  The feelings of sadness and loss are to be expected and normal.  He was your first love and your feelings were true.  You are also mourning the relationship you wanted to create with him.  So it's okay to be sad!
Work through your emotions and keep connecting witHaving a newborn is stressful and overwhelming even for the most motivated. 

Also, sometimes it's not being right but quality of life for the OP and his child.  They can discuss house duties again a couple of months after birth.  


I do think she is being beyond lazy and I would lay it out on the table how you feel.  As a SAHM, it took me a whileMy grandfather was born in 1915.  He was a workhorse well into his 80's.  He grew up poor on the farm and worked hard for every penny.  He loved his baby blue pants lol.  
He worked on his Longhorn farm in Florida into  his 80's bedore he moved to town because my grandmother was diagnosed with Alzheimer's.
He was a devote Southern Baptist. Wouldn'tI am a mother of 3 well adjusted human beings.  Being sympathetic towards a human isnt a bad trait.  He is so young, I wish he had a strong Male role model to show him how to be a man.  No where did I say what he did was Okay  I  am so proud of her standing her ground.   She is a strong woman, but I can still feel compassion and heartache for this As someone who shops at Torrid, I don't mind  this.  I am 5'7 and 240 lbs.  I am working with a doctor and nutritionist to lower my weight.  As someone who has always been bigger and never taught how to be healthy it's great to go in a store and not be beat down again by the sizing labels.  They have great clothes made for larger bodies  and they cA child never deserves to be man handled by an adult.  I would expect an adult to act with more restraint then physically putting their hands on a child.

I think the child is in the wrong and I find it sad he is acting this way
  He has learned this from someone, probably his parents.  I no way am defending what he is doing, as my shitty little spBowling Green KY is one of the top small towns in the country to raise a family.  Lots to do with a small town feel and great schools.  Just like any state it has its ups and downs.  I have lived in Texas, NC, SC, GA, and KY both Bowling Green and NKY.  I Iove Kentucky.   It is the most beautiful state that I have lived in and love raising my familYes.  I rememeber this sticking out yesterday when they were showing the marathon.  While some of it seemed like he was controlling part of me thinks it is part of her car and mouse game.   She let herself get hugged and then very calmly sat on his lap.  

Not to say it isnt intimidation or anything to the likes, but I have been in a situation wherWe decide what is normal foods and junk food is not normal food.  I have completely cleared out junk in our house
  If my mother, husband, or myself choose to her a treat that's one thing, but for it to be normal go to food is not healthy normal or healthy.   
My kids 3/5/13 doesn't even really notice.  

I am sorry she is not being supportive of yI also have Pcos, hypothyroidism, and a lot of other medical issues.  I am so proud of you!  You can do this!  
My biggest helpers with everything is a high protien low carb lifestyle.  I eat between 1k to 1200 calories a day and get in about 3 miles a day.  
This has helped me lose 30 lbs in a few months
  It is all about retraining yourself.
Can I am so sorry for the loss of your mother.  

I have a 13 yr old daughter and I understand the pain of raising them.  Self awareness is not a strong suit of thiers.

I completely understand why you did what you did, but I think you should apologize for using physical violence.  It is never okay.  Owning up to your mistakes shows her how someone becYes.  Of course this wasn't my first time dating online.  I had many fun encounters, and yes we were very lucky to both be telling the truth.  It just proves our thinking that we feel like we were truly meant to be.
We had talked for about 8 hours on the phone when we first connected online.   Talked for about 2 weeks before we actually met becauseAsk away!
When I met my now husband I had been dating again for about a year or so after taking off 7 years.  I was a single mom and had just finished got two years under me at my new job, so I finally felt I was at a place to get my groove back.  I was also 30 and wanting to get married, have a family and move to the next phase of my life.  Not inMy husband and I met online &lt;31/39&gt;.  We were matched on mutal interests.  Within 2 months we're pregnant with our first child.  Within 6 months we're married.  We both wanted a family unit and we were building that.  We had a lot of conversations about what we wanted out of a marriage and family and we have worked damn hard on that.
I can sa