They did this to slow the fights down and stop players from playing so fast. Gotta stop and reload.. (can do the reload trick but still).

Devs at Epic don’t understand that you can’t curate how people play the game.. ..unless you remove the fast shotty, nerf the headshot damage on everything, provide the only weapon with burst damage worth a damn,Simply lacks the strength to wield them, Stark’s body “crumbled” but he did not slip into madness, ergo he was mentally fit but not physically. 

Of course Thanos and Ronan had strong wills so they would be of sound mind, they were strong physically so they can wield the stones.

I’m trying to say that Stark was mentally fit to wield the gauntlet bI’ve started a few projects trying to do this exact same thing but I came to the conclusion that the most we can go into showing 1970s dharma is Miles parents and Daniel Faraday. I feel like we can’t show any of the main characters because (even though yes they were technically there in the 1970s) that is their future and any reference they make toI gave it much thought after the post lololol

If Strange rolled time back to before Stark died, but post snap, Stark would have still been in critical condition.

Then I kept thinking, there is nothing you could do to treat him, except roll it back further to before the snap.

In Doctor Strange, he rolled back the apple.
Think about it, you can’t A trick with tiles and builds as props or any props that you want to adhere to the true building grid. 

place the props (or pieces-turned-prop) how you want them arranged when on the true grid

(however you place things relevant to the true grid they will stay that way when moving things)

place a true wall or true build near the props 

select thyes I agree I bet you’re better able to deal with it then a straight keyboard and mouse player though.

Yeah I understand the advanced aiming shit and the aiming for you is OP but that is Epic.

It doesn’t need to be that way, but I hear that linear is too strong legacy is too strong like which one is it?

My argument is no matter which aim optionsi’ve recently heard a theory that simply wielding the gauntlet makes your physical body weaker a little bit every time, even though you are holding all six stones or whatever.

you should go back and count the amount of times he uses it on Titan.

yes he is super strong but my case is made all the more stronger because in endgame he had no stones aI’m surprised though during the rewatch I felt like I saw them a lot more. it is a pity falcon didn’t have his own movie but he does have a potential origin story that they could expand on. 

he told Captain America, in the winter soldier, about his tours of service. 

they could give him a movie going back to him being falcon with his partner who That’s not technically true according to the MCU time rules.

removing the stone from the timeline is what creates the branch, not removing it from where it was and giving it to Nova when you got back or something. 

For all we know that alternate timeline was always intended for a future people to come and take it from one place and returning it tcorrect in that alternate timeline Thanos and his entire army are no longer in that universe neither is Gamora or nebula. but also in the alternate timeline Rhodey and future nebula take the power stone away but then cap put it back. 
presumably Peter quill would’ve found it who knows what would’ve happened but Ronan wouldn’t of had it the same wayIron man could make shapes at will, he threw a clamp on the gauntlet, they pre-designed a clamp?

The armor for spiderman and ironman could at least dislodge the stone or make contact for a moment, nick fury held the tesseract with leather gloves. 

Strange is a wizard, he could hold it without holding it. Obviously this would destroy the movie ploThe movie also taught us that sometimes you have to break the rules to get the job done. Strange broke real rules set by Agamoto himself, the Benjamin Bratt character didn’t. 

He used his new powers to heal and be comfortable. 

it was his choice if you think about what the sorcerer supreme said about that character choosing to patch up his physicYou can open galleries and place individual pieces which for all intents and purposes is a big quality of life change. Throwing down an entire 30,000 K memory gallery isn’t exactly efficient.

You could also make a test world and drop your galleries there grab them in your quick bar and then go back to your other world and paste them in. You’re alsYeah I’m an avid lost fan as well so I feel like I have to comment with a text wall, sorry. 

1: essentially I know it’s boring but yes Jacob is the good guy and the man in black as the bad guy, it kind of has to be that way. 

2: The “rivalry” between Jacob and man in black is more of a dichotomy than a rivalry. Think about it, mother used to be bNo there’s no way Aaron was dead at an early age, I do agree it is a plot hole though. Aaron should’ve been a fully aged blonde haired adult male because it would’ve made more sense. 

Also that would make people who watch lost ask all the crazy questions like “who is this person at the reunion?” Right? We never saw him older than a toddler. So theyep. so what’s next guys?

Hit me with it. What things do only a few percentage points worth of player base actually cares (complains) about, you want to see nerfed next? 

I hope they make all Fortnite PC game specs universal and match console. Thoughts? You know? Because 240hz to 60hz (only a small 400% hertz decrease in target acquisition) is noI see you’re not complaining and there is a lot to unpack in your comment. 

So firstly, (not saying you’re wrong this time but) what’s popular (i.e. more people agree with you) doesn’t actually mean much or mean it’s “correct”.

I know this is reddit, but popular ideas or opinions are not always correct or in the best interests of the people or plSo when Miles was a baby in the 1970s, his future self from 2007 came back along with all the others from the future. Everything always happened the way it happened. When they say it is their present in the 1970s that is because their 2007 selves are no longer in 2007. They brought their present with them to the past. Just because Miles was a baby i accidentally hit L3 as well used to be crouch, ive unbound it completely. i use edit on top right paddle and switch mode on lower right paddle. leving left lower paddle for jump and left upper paddle for DLeft. i suppose you could put edit on top left. it’s really what you feel comfortable with but jump and looking should be kept separate, one biJack was trippin. That was a jack centric episode if I’m not mistaken and what Christian said on the intercom was something that was said in the flash back during that episode. I’d like to think that sometimes the character in the flashback and at present are sort of connected like that time so you saw the cat from sayid’s flashback, or the horse feveryone gets caught up trying to relate the time flashes. The basic premise is that although they are skipping through time, they are experiencing the same time rate. so if the oceanic six has been off the island for three years in 2007, then the ones that stayed on the island have also been stuck on the island for three years, it’s just that theyagreed. i am biased for isolated crew battling the elements and creatures somewhere far away. it wasn’t that great honestly, it’s just all of the plot devices interested me. i wish they could have gone into more character development though. they got the point across for the most part and i re-watched it two more times after, because i like these cMore people seem to like it than don’t, everyone goes after the heavy snipe because of the damage so don’t bullsh!t me. 

i don’t personally care that they are in the game.

But then again, I can handle getting sniped, not sure about anyone else. 

If I HAD to choose one of these I would choose the two-slot option. 

everyone needs to stop crying hok all fair points, corporate welfare is wrong, businesses should be allowed to fail. 

with that being said, unions (99% democrat voting) are the biggest frauds when it comes to welfare and bailouts. 

I am only missing how the trickle down is wrong. all the jobs are created by the business folks, all the risks and investments to get businesses sui dunno the advantages per se, yes im wired as well.  all i remember when i got my elite was that it was heavy af. controller is lighter now and feels better to me, personally. 

it’s easy to take them out yes, and controller will work just fine when put back together. 

to put the rumbles back in though you would have to solder the wires back on.
yes it is hard to believe. what with the literal thousands of hours played by individuals that still can’t manage to get into Champions league. also you are trying to gauge if 6000 hype in champions league is good or not. it’s half as much as the max, of course it’s good. you don’t need to be a brain surgeon to figure that one out. i’m skeptical heLike who? There is no other set. Maybe replace some of them with sawyer and jin but that’s about it. There is no story if jin and sun both made it and what would they have sawyer do? Jack is a doctor and kim had claire’s son. They would have to have claire be one and kate not be one. They would have to have jin be one but sun not be one. They also Legacy gives shit-aim players like me a leg up while trying to fight folks on 50 ping and frames drops to 40 fps, that build hotels around your face and 200 pump you before you even know what the heck is going on. Sick dude. 

What im trash? Real original.. go watch more clix and mongraal you ass-hat. there is more to this game than aiming but whenI feel you man. I was depressed with this game as well recently. But then I got some duo dubs and we realized, maybe it’s not so bad. I too do not understand why people smurf into less skilled lobbies, they must not be good enough for arenas so they go pick on lesser skilled players. Hang in there. Re-group, practice, come back strong. Or if you’reOk maybe im being a bit cynical I apologize. This season has been really stressful on me and I always practice and always try hard but sometimes it’s just not good enough. Some players are just better. 

Running out of mats then make sure to farm, even if playing squads don’t leave the area with your squad until you have farmed enough for your satiJust a personal preference for me I’m on controller and I use paddle to open edit and paddle to confirm. Boom boom boom. I am not sure what benefits edit on release even provides. It makes some edits harder to do but if you’re okay with giving up certain edits then you could probably keep it. I’ve also heard that you can edit faster with your buildI saw a post where it showed percentages of accuracy and kills was higher for controller in that dreamhack comp. Things like this leads people to believe that controller is OP and aim assist should be nerfed more. I tried to explain that the percentage is higher because there are more kbm players so the averages get lowered. Some tried to tell me tThe movie actually wasn’t that great in my opinion it was just weirdly off-putting. Dancing with a weird alien because the thing mimics your every move is definitely new and weird. The screaming creature thing was good, the fact that #spoiler the good guys get replaced by alien beings in the end is tolerable because I like when the “bad guy” wins iI would say take a step back a little and try to find most basic answer to these not the ones that seem more complicated. 
Christian was MIB because MIB was able to take form of christian because he was a body coming back across the threshold of the island or whatever. Like locke. 
Christian helped the survivors find water so they could survive lonDeep down he may have known but because of who he is and how objective he is I feel like he had a hard time believing it for real, Especially early on. He saw his dad walking around but tried to explain it as if he was going crazy. To Be honest I feel like he didn’t come around until The flash forward in season three where he told Kate that they hafeelsbadman.  I have friends that are out of my league and it is very tough to practice with them. They are looking to dominate because that is the mindset. Some of them are toxic too, some of them are not. When I go against someone and beat them a few times, I will sometimes give them an extra second or two to get oriented during the next fight wiIt doesn’t need to be over powered but everyones definition of op is different. 

Tracking through bushes and builds is unacceptable and should be removed. 

The other thing is every time i ask someone how much nerf is acceptable I either get a non-answer or varying degrees of answers like nerf it in arenas only, no nerf it everywhere.

How much neSo you didn’t say I have zero earnings and not a competitive player.  You said I was unskilled. That is not an argument, that seems more like toxicity anything else. 

Controller players do what now? You know the funny thing about averages is that the more folks you have in a group the lower the average gets. 

With more players on mkb by far, of cSo is it my anecdotal evidence not good enough but your character attacks are? 

To clarify, im controller on PC and the 5 other folks in my group are console. No we are not the best but we got shit on because there is no comparison, kbm has more advantages. It might be worth it for kbm players to maybe focus on their strengths and stop worrying soI don’t agree. Playing box fights with my friends yesterday and 30 rounds in these two kbm players come in and shit all over us. Every build was build and instant edit ramp instant edit, 200 headshot. 

Let’s be clear, capabilities between kbm and controller are not even close. If a kbm player looses a box fight against a controller player it is beIt would be a creature feature set in space about a team sent to recover data and personnel from a lost deep space craft that just re-appeared. 

Think event horizon and aliens mixed. 

The creatures are ravenous and there are two different kinds. Smaller jumper types and larger angrier types. The larger ones would look like the giant bug from Men L2 doesn’t seem to snap after a few spams anymore, have you not noticed this yet? I can see you L2ing but do you really think it still works? I can spray and pray a build with hipfire and get that kill. This is nothing new. 

controller players have been dealing with getting beamed since before epic removed cross platform. 

Now Kbm players get a tAny player entering a bush is begging to get eliminated. Do you use bushes? I don’t use bushes. Not sure why bushes are the main reason this time around for nerfing aim assist just because one of the best players killed someone in one. I agree aim assist shouldn’t track through structures and bushes, but I’ve not come across that yet. Clips of kbm You must try to understand, getting stuck at the feet is a liability that can lose the fight for you. Just because it sticks doesn’t make it OP. 

You have to get it to stick in the right place. if it’s at their feet then how does that help you? 71 blue to the feet while they 220 you in the head? It has it’s disadvantages too. 

Ive played most of I don’t know if I actually said it depends on the dead zone what I mean is the auto track thing is the one that needs the low dead zone. 

I’m on legacy and I noticed a closer drop off, I used to be able to do the L2 cheese at 180+ meters with ease back in previous season, this is no longer the case, it is much slower. After a few times of L2 spam Id be ok with 90 but i feel like The FOVers want more than 90.

From me to you, some folks I know actually turn aim assist off. Once it sticks sometimes it’s hard to move it to where it should be.  It may get stuck towards opponents feet when it should be near their head. 
Even once you get close, your sense goes to ads sense and you can’t turn. PCThis is true, but I am content with the game in whatever form Epic deems appropriate. They busted the L2 spam a while ago, trust. If people say they’re still doing it it’s either a placebo effect or a damned lie. 

L2 auto rotation is completely off of expo and linear, but linear has a new twitch where it can auto-track on a low deadzone, kbm can gI almost want to say it’s like some people are upset that controller players have caught up to them, so to speak.

I remember early on in my fortnite days I had the aim assist turned off somehow. The game was really difficult to play, this was on xbox back when it was console only lobbies for us. 

I checked and turned it on and suddenly i could co“Oh my gaaaaawd I just got beamed. Damned controller players.”

Any PC player could just as well have done the lazering. How would they know? 

It doesn’t matter to me how I get lazered, the fact is that I have just been lazered, so what am I going to do about it?

I just chalk it up to every other time I got bodied. They’re better, and I’m a bot, “Do you really want them to take your advice to complain about what is in the game rather than out of it?”

No. I amend my advice for clarity, we should be grateful for what we do have and basically deal with whatever state the game is in or quit. I don’t like complainers but I concede that it doesn’t matter what I like. 

I like traps, they providIn creative it felt smoother to me in my 1v1 and the normal pvp boxfights on s2 release. Creative i get like ~10 ping and solid 165 frames (capped). It actually feels more responsive and they fixed the edit hitbox for the cone so now it’s faster. 

For the game though it’s different, I can definitely feel a latency issue. 

I do things the same speDamn.  I don’t suppose you still have the old girl laying around somewhere? The elite series 1 I mean? Sold it maybe?  Get it back man!

When I swapped my right stick I actually replaced the metal stick with a lighter plastic one from a normal controller and removed the rumbles. The controller is super light now, my biggest complaint about the elitPoints taken. I am not complaining about stretch, rather, I am complaining about people complaining about stretch.

I will concede that it’s not a good look for anyone anytime they institute something that people like, then take it away and expect people to be okay with it. Or expect that there are no crafty people to find ways around shit. That isI play controller on PC all day and I honestly never thought to myself that I just got sprayed through my wall he must have aim assist through the wall. 

How would I know? 
lest someone (perhaps with a bias) told me about it? Made a video on it perhaps.

The likely scenario is that they can see you. They know you’re there. They have the visual SFXI’ve heard that about the aim assist strength set to 50% for arena and I’m not really against that sort of thing. 
But there were also calls that 50% was not enough.
My questions are: when is it enough? How much of a nerf is appropriate? When would we have the results back for a trial period? 

Not against the FOV slider in arenas per se, but theseExecutives want to see results and the devs will see feedback but ultimately it is the executives that call the shots. They have investors that want their cut. This is a cash cow and they will milk it. 

The thing about mechs is they shouldn’t have been in the game in the first place because they are too OP. The other thing is that you cannot have Here are the things.

The first one is not, in fact, a fact. It is most definitely speculation on my part and I make no claim otherwise. 

Secondly, this one is also speculation. I simply presume there are lots of epic gamers that purchase every item. When I say “lots of epic gamers” that’s a euphemism. I mean players that are in the public view. II would never suggest people’s opinion are not allowed, I will assume you meant no offense by that. 

I’m not used to down-voting and going, perhaps you are right. 

There’s no sense in dragging on the discussion (hypothetically) if there is disagreement I suppose, but these are opinion threads after all. So I feel like whether upvote downvote I shI’ve had my elite Series 1 for a year and yes had to change out the right stick due to drift and the upper right paddle works but just doesn’t give you the click, my left bumper is broken but still hits properly. Just have to change out the bumpers and we are back to the grind a few minutes later. The point is, the controller will still work if youI think the terms you’re trying to use are “casual players that make the most money for Epic”.
We know this, this is a business. I’m sure you really do mean “bots” but the business that comp players should be focused on is their own. 
That they are their own boss operating their own small business in a market that relies on the state of Epic’s game