Full on loved? That's cool, I wouldn't go that far myself but I still really enjoyed it. I only do these for films that I think could massively improve with a couple of changes.  


This is still fun, campy and with a good amount of nastiness, but I think it could be up there with Tom Holland's other beauties like Child's Play and Fright Night.  

I posted some thoughts I had about fixing the H P Lovecraft anthology film Necronomicon (1993) here, and plenty enjoyed them.  


So, I very poorly edited an intro and discussed ideas for upgrading Thinner (1993). I think this movie has an amazing concept that just didn't quite work on film, hence suggestions. I'd love to know if you have any more Ok, I see your point, though I wouldn't agree with all of it. For me, the boys being astounded at the quarry was just very believable. Big agreement on the sewer kiss being creepy as heck though.   


I really don't view any of that as homophobia either, so we might be coming from a very different place. I think pt 2 did a great job at making the hI am liking your thoughts :)  
Could you explain a little more about the unintentional bigotry in the modern IT that's slipped in? I don't follow that one.  
I'm totally with you on them romanticizing suicide, hated that part. I read the moral of the story as being 'those project hate are themselves insecure and most hateful', but I can see that reI did a video on TCM as a vegan horror - The Texas Chainsaw Metaphor!. I'm a hack.   


You're absolutely right that horror has always been strong on themes. Yes, I think we can apply new social themes - TBH I worry that we're actually applying them far too directly and unfiltered right now. Get Out, Us and Black Christmas (2019) are basically RandWe're all putting out half-baked thoughts, that's the perfect time to reshape things :)  


I don't go with the 'punching down' framework, I think that's got a different ideology behind it, but I definitely agree about paying attention to contemporary culture and the purpose of films. With older horrors, we (generally) will find them too tame, whicThat's a good summary of what I put out there - I'm bouncing the idea around still, trying work out if it holds.  


You've not got a bad framework there - you absolutely could try that shift. Antebellum could be argued to be doing that, as could 'The People Under the Stairs' from way back. I think that might be limiting though, quite a restrictiveI feel you've got the hang of the weird contradiction that's been bothering me - a shift to 'viewing some things as too offensive' that is shrinking comedy (broadly) and a simultaneous shift to 'viewing other things as not offensive enough' shrinking horror.  


I'm spitballing too, so I'm not sure. You bringing up Cannibal Holocaust is very onpoinI love this idea!  


Can I suggest Candyman (1992) and The Ring?   
The theme would be investigating modern urban legends.  


Dolores Claiborne and Geralds Game  
Eclipse night! Fun fact: Stephen King originally planned to make these stories part of the same book, with the protagonists tied by the same eclipse. I would genuinely love an EPIC horrThat's it for me too. It's not going to be nuanced, based on Peele's record it'll be one sided and racist, just changing the target of the hate. Because Peele's politics are currently trendy, the inevitable huge flaws in storytelling and plot will be overlooked because "the message is so important right now."

JJ Abrams will also add to the plot inI made a more "serious" exploration of the original Fright Night (1985) already, but I wanted to do a supercut of all the messaging, innuendo, imagery etc, that got me thinking about it that way. Also, I wanted an excuse to rewatch it.  
Tom Holland, the writer and director,  intended all of this, and the beauty of it is that it works without the gIt sounds like you're really doing well in the technical stuff, so I'll switch it up. This is the time to get the mindset right.

Get in the mindset of understanding the long term, of avoiding the big spending traps. So much advertising targets you, hoping to make you a consumer. Latest phone, latest console, latest trainers. Going out spending, spMuch appreciated! 
Great question about the fisherman - I was going to show the Cthulhu creature, but changed my mind in the edit. I figured I shouldn't ruin the surprise. We don't know what the fisherman is, but I'd rather they not show Cthulhu himself unless it's a bigger deal.

For a 'Let's Fix Lovecraftian films', which one would you like to seThanks, I really appreciate it. It's hard to find, but Necronomicon is worth your time. I'd really like to talk about horror anthology films too, they've got a rich history and have evolved a lot - those horror fiction anthologies are a goldmine for the films, and it's interesting how they're adjusted for the cinema. It'll be a few videos away, butIt is controversial, and there's a lot of non-Lovecraft elements in there (a lot of it is satirising Stephen King), but In the Mouth of Madness really work for me. You may have similar problems with Necronomicon - it is a bit schlocky, but I really enjoyed it.

If you want more serious adaptations, try those podcasts. They are modernisations, but wI'm pretty new to this, but I'd say the recent BBC adaptation of 'The Case of Charles Dexter Ward' (it's in podcast for) or 'In the Mouth of Madness'. 

I'm a big fan of Buffy and Angel, and in the latter the last 2 seasons seemed very to have a very Lovecraftian influence. I wish they'd leaned a lot more on that to be honest, it was great stuff anHeya, I recently got into Lovecraft properly via the BBC's podcast versions of 'The Case of Charles Dexter Ward' and 'The Whisperer in Darkness', so I'm reading his work directly now.  


I made this short video on a new reading of his work and importantance - basically, I see H P Lovecraft as the original red pill, way before the Matrix used that Heya, can relate. This might sound trite, but if you can't change one thing (salary), what else can you change? 

I switched jobs and am in the salary range you mentioned. My CoL is low and getting lower, and I'm working on side hustles. Still, at this rate it's about 10 years away and that's tough. If i lower my CoL and increase the income, I coulHiya, I had to say this is a brilliant analysis. You really went the extra mile in looking beyond the plot and themes, bringing in the design, character analysis and external material. I always love hearing about scenes that were cut and alternative choices, as they can tell us more about how creators understand the story - unless scenes are cut foIt's definitely stronger in the first half, no argument there. When they're all sugar hyped in the morning, I think that was all about them being chaotic and clashing with him. He's neat, ordered and regretful in the morning, so he's totally thrown off seeing them hyped and messy. It's showing he's lost control of the situation. His hope is he can I've been thinking about Knock Knock (2015) more then is healthy - This has an RT critic score in the 30s, audience score in the 20s... but I think this is a seriously outstanding horror. I made this analysis going over how Knock Knock is seriously unconventional, but still is extremely unnerving, it's probably Eli Roth's best film to date.  


DidYes - In the video I talked about that mid eighties- early nineties period where lots of adaptations were pushed out - Tommyknockers, Graveyard Shift, Maximum Overdrive, Needful Things, The Stand... campy B movie feel is a good description, sometimes it suits King's prose well, but they have a very specific feel to them that makes them enjoyable, bIt's pretty atypical, but I didn't mean to imply a consensus. I just hadn't seen many people talk about Misery and wanted to shower some praise on the film.

I agree with you, it's one of the best Stephen King adaptations, so I want it to get more love. It's also more accessible to non-horror fans/horror newbies than Creepshow, Pet Sematary or The Chiming in late, glad you found here. I'd really recommend The Escape Artist, he's great for the mindset aspect.

For the practicalities, people are already pointing you towards good UK resources. I'll just say that we have a great allowance for our ISAs here. Getting dividends tax free in ISAs is so helpful. 

Also, everything you learn about FIREOn the contrary, I really liked it. I didn't have high expectations going in, so maybe it was easier for me to like it. I though Dormer carried the film well and the turns in the plots worked  well to keep things fresh.  


Ultimately her sister isn't really a well drawn presence, but the ending to me was nicely unsettling. I'm never going to turn Midnight Meat Train (2008) should give you a good gut punch, the atmosphere is great.  
Evil Dead (2013) is pretty harrowing and relentless too.  


Lastly, the French Extreme subgenre might be what you're after. Martyrs and A L'Interieur (Inside) are very scary and I found them very atmospheric and terrifying.  


On a more psychological angle, trThanks for posting. It's a fairer article than most I think, but the scepticism skews it a bit. As for the main question, of what happened to people working towards FIRE... They likely got a big boost. The Corona crisis has had many negative effects, and government debt may be the biggest, but savers who kept their jobs are able to buy shares cheapSeconding the 'carry on with medical professionals' message.

Next, 2 bits of hopefully good advice: 
At this stage, it might not be that you hate work, but that you hate the kind of work you've done so far. Have a think about what ground your gears and what work wouldn't have those elements. A key bit of FIRE is working while we accumulate wealth,Heya ScaryMovies, I thought I'd take a break from videos about Candyman to make another video about Candyman. Consistency is important, you know?

I love Candyman on its own terms, but it took me a while to realise how special it is in terms of defying horror film convention and still working. I put together a few of the ways Candyman is extremely Honestly, if you're not mega stressed, I'd stick it out for at least 2 more years. You just got promoted, so someone put faith in you. Pay extra attention to your spending on these 2 years, to get more data on your average spending. 

You're still very young and it would be good to build a bigger financial cushion. Just my 2 cents

HOWEVER... work From a UK perspective, I'll echo what others are saying: (Leaving out questions of coverage and quality, which absolutely have to be considered) if your healthcare is covered by taxpayers, you can reduce your FIRE number.   


**However,** you'll be a taxpayer whilst saving and so you will take longer to reach that number. In a scenario where you hThis is exactly what I was going to post, so forgive me amplifying it. 
1. Now is all about habits. You can solidify habits of frugality, saving, researching and not impulse buying.  This will give you a massive head start.

2. It's a bit early at 15, but start thinking about what you might like to do that pays well. Things may seem intimidating, bI'm interested in your take - I'm afraid I don't remember Kirby, but I watched Scream 4 once and the first 12ish times. 

Just so I understand you, did you watch the video? I'm mostly into scream for the genre-commentary and I felt the characters had their resolutions in 3, so 4 really disappointed me. Or rather, Sidney definitely did, I'm not sureYou didn't come off as an asshole at all, it's all good. The framing you use is absolutely fine - Look, keep it quiet but I'll happily follow my french extreme horror with Step Up 2 The Streets. That's my Twilight.

So, I guess the debate I wanted to start was 'Does Scream, which is about commenting on Horror Films, have anything left to say?'

I fI hear you, but I think we do have some information - our understanding of the Scream series and the current horror genre. My argument is that it's got nowhere to go.  


Optimism is good though - I'm worried about the Candyman reboot/sequel, but I'm hoping for the best. If I'm wrong, we get another good film. Most importantly, if you enjoyed ScreaHERETICS UNITE! 

I liked the Rob Zombie Halloween, and I thought the Friday the 13th reboot was the best in the series (for slightly different reasons) - but those are just good stories we can retell and find new angles on.  


I go into it in the video I linked, Scream is all about calling out lazy slasher films... but I can't say anything substaHeya ScaryMovies, it being Good Friday and all, it seemed like a good time to discuss another resurrection: Scream 5. Sorry for that, I couldn't resist. 

Basically, I saw a bunch of big channels really hyping Scream 5, so I wanted to put in context why this 4th sequel, a decade after Scream 4, is a bad idea. It's not all negative, mostly just praiJust elaborating on my last video about the Candyman reboot/sequel that's coming out in July, I figured I'd point out how rich and complex the original Candyman is. It's my favourite horror film and I love that it's rich and balance. To prove the point, I tried quick analyses of Candyman from completely opposite standpoints - it was quite fun approNo worries, thanks for a great reply. Sometimes it is really hard to work out why we responded to a film in a particular way. I know I give a bunch of movies with HUGE flaws a pass because they're just 'my thing', and sometimes something that looks really good just doesn't connect at all.

E.g. Hostel 2, Saw VI... Major flaws, but it all worked forHa, I think it totally was a heartless cashgrab, but the director's role went to Mike Flanagan, so we actually got a good movie. I remember the reviews saying Ouija 2 was better than the first.

I only recently realised Flanagan was behind a few films I loved, so I started watching all his stuff. I didn't even watch Ouija, only the sequel since he I didn't read all the spoilers, but it was sweet seeing the affection for the original. I'd say the first sequel, Farewell to the Flesh, is shrugged off a little too offhandedly? It's definitely not on the same level, but it once again gives a fresh and underexplored setting and has great acting, including a great role by a veteran of The Wire. ForAye, sure - maybe I phrased it badly, because I don't need a Tarantino style gorefest. It just felt quite dispassionate to me, like the director wanted to get through that section to the stronger, more character driven part with the girlfriend (which definitely worked better for me). Does that make sense?  


As for 'the politics is the point', I tI'm glad you liked it, I know it's popular and the comedy in it is particularly effective.  
I'm not saying they are bad films, but I think the consistent focus on the messaging tends to mess up his plots and then it falls apart for me.  


Similarly, David Lynch films are well made, but when I lose track of what's going on I can't like the movie aI thought of Shyamalan too, Tarantino as well to an extent - i.e. a director with a very, very strong style who needs to reign it in to make a good movie. Shyamalan chilled out for The Visit and it was a good time if still flawed, Tarantino was given too much free reign in The Hateful Eight and then made an absolute classic in Once Upon A Time in HIt'll definitely look good, sound better and be very stylish... but his films fall apart for me mid viewing. I know Get Out and US are very popular, I can see why... but for me he makes the same mistakes.  


\*Spoilers for Get Out\*

Even in Get Out, which I genuinely enjoyed, I felt there was a key bit where he dropped the ball. The bit where theThis might be unusual, but I love [A Christmas Horror Story](url). It's an anthology film with a great mix of stories and a very effective framing story that brings everything together. I absolutely love it, would highly recommend.

&amp;#x200B;

Also, a low key but original film, [We Are Still Here](url). The aesthetic is original and unsettling aYes, those are my kind of thoughts. Dawn of the Dead is a good shout, I'd throw Dead Set in too: It's got a long length, great build up, a decent scale and builds to a really big crescendo and pays off amazingly.   


Evil Dead (2013) got close, but is a standard length, I absolutely loved it but I think an epic has to be big in scale and story, neThat's a good way to view it. Ultimately, it's pretty dam cool that so many people got introduced to the series - I really hope they went back to check out the rest (Season of the Witch included, natchy).

I may complain... but tbh I'll likely be there on opening night for Halloween Kills.
Thanks for the conversation, I find it really weird puttingI need to rewatch Rob Zombie's Halloween 2, but the first one grew on me. Spending more time with Michael felt obvious but I ended up liking it and even though it was extreme I liked the asylum scenes - I've got a weakness for Malcolm McDowell, he was well cast. The end paid off for me really well, the ambiguity in how Laurie and Michael reacted toI really appreciate your comment, it's nailed my thoughts on Halloween (2018).

Essentially, I think I just hold Halloween to a higher standard, especially when Jamie Lee Curtis and John Carpenter got involved. Because of that, I expected more.  
Like with you, it just didn't click with me and I was so hyped for it that I rated it harshly. 

This mI don't disagree that it's easier in the private sector, but this is why I'm stressing the need to plan how you'll get the role. 

You can get £45 at SEO level with the various adjustments - e.g. Retention bonus, higher paying departments, specialism bonus. It can get you there without going to G7.  


But to skip to the principle, No, not everyoneI'm not disagreeing, but they are out there and you can get there working up to them. There are purely administrative roles (i.e. no specialist training) roles in the civil service paying that, but you'd likely need to get in and get 2 promotion to get there.   


I don't say it's easy, but it's possible and 22 is a great time to start working towaYour starting age is good, but that salary is holding you back. That's not a big barrier though -   here's one option: take an hour this evening to look online for jobs earning 45k+ in your area. Look at ones that need some skills, but not whole new degrees. Learn those skills online, start pitching your career in that direction.

Watch the humble This is a great question. Over the 5 years until he's  21, you could stash 100k in ISAs. Like most here, I'd say within a stocks  and shares isa and invest in a global index, leaving £500 or so to cover the charges on the account. That would put your son in an amazing position.

Step 2 is to slowly educate yourself and your son on how to better invOoh, the BBC Ghost Stories for Christmas are great. I review them [here](url) \- you can find the Beeb stories pretty easily on YouTube or there was a DVD collection. Very atmospheric and some of them are really unsettling. They're all quite short, too.

If you want others, I think that Silent Night Deadly Night is fun (killer Santa, basically), orThanks for explaining where you're coming from. I do think it's fair to complain about the things apparent from the trailer, which I verified in interviews and reviews, which were enough to turn me away. I didn't comment on quality, other than to point out that it's been poorly received. 
If that's where we disagree, that's fine and I can respect tYes, in my reply to you. My issues are with the film being a remake in name only and in having an overly strong ideological push. This is backed up in interviews with the creators and reviews. 
That was the basis of my objection in the video. 

I'm reading your response as being hostile, I think because the politics you like were implicitly criticiIt's fair to say that our politics will bias our response to an intentionally political film - since you say you're fine with the specific feminism in the movie, it's going to appeal to you more and I think that's coloured how you responded to my take on it. That's fine, and I appreciate your thoughts. For comparison, I have a huge soft spot for thIt was milder than the other films, but I particularly noticed that Laurie's granddaughter's boyfriend was a total asshole playing the 'overbearing chad' role and she's later creeped on by a 'nice guy'. That's paired with the imagery of 3 generations of Strode women teaming up to take down Michael Myers - it's all women v men. Specifically, Jamie LThat's a fair question - I felt the woke themes were obnoxiously forced, and the setting/action became incoherent for me at the end. I knew a sequel for it was greenlit when I watched, but I still found the ending infuriating. 

So, even though I was interested, ultimately I was just so disappointed. I ended up rewatching H20 after it and that real