One change. The gun blows up in Peter's face, literally. Quentin rigged it to do so, because he may be crazy, but he's not suicidal.   


Maria Hill and Nick Fury end up saving Peter, but Mysterio gets away. By the time Peter wakes up in a SHIELD hospital a week later, the cat's out of the bag.

  
True to his character, Beck is false to his word aThere’s sometimes circumstances that make it less cowardly. For example, if one partner loses interest in sex (like their libido becomes non existent) and unilaterally decides both of them are done having sex forever.

If the other person is dependent financially on the marriage or will never see their kids again if the marriage ends, but the priceEven better with the following; Have  scene where the Jedi Council is debating whether or not to allow Quigon to take on Anakin as his next Padawan if Obiwan passes the trials and becomes a full knight.  


Yoda points out that Ani is too old. Mace Windu argues that rare exceptions have been made in the past, due to extenuating circumstance and surIt makes more sense if you imagine home in a three way with two other people in the chart, then ask “could I fap to this” and “would I wanna join in and make it a foursome”.

I.E. most of us would not want to join in on a fuck session between Lincoln, Trump and Nixon, even thou some of us could fap to it just for the novelty.

Meanwhile, even some It was very often the case that less people acquired porn and most people found or inherited a stash of magazines and/or tapes. 

I still fondly recall hanging out at junkfort (which was an abandoned bunker in the sand dunes past the golf course of a military base), and looking at two girls doing upside down, backwards pushups until I realized theyRight. And if the head of the NBA announced that all free throws are now worth 0.5 points, teams an players could either agree or refuse to acknowledge this new rule. 

If there wasn’t a unanimous decision on whether or not to adjust to the new rule, the system would start to breakdown pretty quickly.

We’re seeing the same thing happening right noIf you wanna get even more technical, nothing is a human right. Rights are a pleasant little fiction that humans made up so we can be happier and function better.

The only way rights work, is when everyone agrees to pretend they’re real. Once one group stops pretending, it all becomes a matter of who can enforce their will and desire most effectivI remember for years customers wanted ala carte service, i.e. “pay for the channels you want and nothing else” and companies gave lip service to the idea of maybe, someday doing it.

Then the internet got better at high speed video streaming and quick download load times. Once that kicked in, the best options cable could possibly offer were instantI think it's mostly a rights issue with the songs used in certain episodes. The same problem kept The Wonder Years off home video for decades until ABC was able to negotiate deals with each artist/label for every song used in every episode.   


Since Pete &amp; Pete wasn't as big a cultural touchstone, it's unlikely that Nickelodeon would shell ouI think our Morty could end up being the Mortiest Morty, which could make him even more dangerous than Evil Morty.

Also, it could end up being the case that Morty goes Evil and then uses time travel to instigate the conditions that lead to his past self going evil. 

Morty mastering time travel would be the ultimate victory, because despite what RYup. Even if the kid ends up dead, a mom can still have a shot at shifting the blame.

I still recall a case back in the 90s when a woman pushed her car into a river with her kids inside and left them to die. It only made national headlines because she lied to the cops and said she was car jacked by a black man.
Her cover story being racist was morI don’t see that scene as the beginning of our Mitty becoming evil. Rather, it’s his first realization of the stakes involved in what his Grandfather has pulled him into. 

Everything up to that point is dangerous fun with no real consequence. Things have gotten scary before, there was always a way out of trouble. Now an entire world has been destrIn a word? SHELLSHOCK!

Morty’s mind is completely overwhelmed by what just happened. 

His inner monologue and thought process would be complete silence. Not just a lack of words, but a lack of emotion. A lack of desire, need or any reaction to external stimuli.

The best way I can describe it to you is this mental exercise; try to imagine the colI still prefer the idea that we’re seeing outcome 14000606. When Stark asks how many scenarios they win and Strange says “just one”, maybe he left out the additional thought “and I’ll keep looping time until I find that scenario”.

Telling the team that they lose in every scenario he saw would be demoralizing, but giving them the idea that he saw aThere's plenty of other porn sites, so porn hub disappearing would be fine.  


If all internet pron were gone though, it's conceivable that rape rates, which have consistently dropped in counties and states as they've increased internet access and bandwidth, would go back up.   


Porn isn't the most vital part of modern life, but it is really godBut it's much more fun to believe that you're one of the few "special" people who've managed to see through the veneer and understand the "deeper truth" of the world.  


Source: Grew up in conspiracy culture. My mom's a whackjob and believes all sorts of crazy shit. My dad spent 20 years in the Navy and learned enough to be very distrustful of theLook at it this way, there's an infinite number of universes that split off from the one Quinn left. Every time a sports team won, a new universe was created where they lost. Every time someone flipped a coin, three universes were created where the coin came up heads, tails or landed on it's edge.  


In that one particular universe, Mrs. Mallory fI look at it this way, since reality splits when something happens that could have multiple outcomes, something as simple as flipping a coin or tossing a die could create new universes. Therefore, once Quin and the gang left his earth, there began a cascade of infinite earths split from the one they left.   


There were a million, billion, trillioThey could come out of retirement when a huge threat menaces the earth and Reed decides to unveil a "one time use" device that can make them young again. If anyone asks "why didn't they do that during \[scenario from any previous MCU movie\] the answer could be that Reed and the gang were advising SHIELD as consultants since there were too old to gMy dad died last year. I miss him every day. Most of the time, I'll reflect on on the good times we shared, or what he'd think of what's going on right now.   


Sometimes, I see him in my dreams. Usually, when that happens, I'll become lucid (i.e. aware of the fact that I'm dreaming) and that hurts the most. Knowing that the person in front of me &gt;Why in bloody hell the democrats keep picking these people I'll never understand.

Follow the money. At the higher levels, both parties are getting their money from the same donors. Big oil, big pharma etc, fund the major candidates and incumbents. The presidential debates are handled by a private company that was co-founded by the recently retIt's especially important to look at this in terms of whether or not Skylar "violated the sanctity" of her marriage with Walt. 

The typical set of wedding vows include terms like "love, honor and cherish/obey".

In what mind can it be reasoned that Walter was holding up his end of an honorable husband?! He was was destroying the lives of people byI might be a factor of difficulty, but I've found that BTs can tear stuff off of the limb attachment spots easier than stuff under the backpack strap. It's also easier for MULES with a sticky gun to grab stuff off the shoulder/knee areas.  


Again though, this might be at higher difficulty settings or maybe in tougher areas like over the mountainsLast year, in August, I dropped everything going on in my life and relocated to Missouri to help my dad who was having severe health problems. My plans were completely re-organized to spend years taking care of my dad threw his problems. I poured my heart into helping him get well and prayed for a swift recovery.

He died on September 25, 2019 afteI think it'd be cool to combine Kang with The Maestro from Hulk Future Imperfect. An old, grizzled version of Bruce coming back from a messed up future to try and "fix" the world would be fun.  


Also:  
\&gt; here is no doubt in our minds that there is a lack of “steaks” in endgame.   


Not only were there not any steaks in Endgame, we didn't ev"The generation that was all about Sex, Drugs and Rock 'n Roll want kids to abstain from sex and say no to drugs! As for Rock 'n Roll, they sold that to commercials a long time ago so they could buy pasta makers and soy bean futures."  


George Carlin  


Damn, I miss that guy. His passing in 2008 robbed us of some great commentary on the Obama anFirst and foremost, there's no real way around Loki's death at the beginning of Infinity War. That snapping sound when Thanos broke his neck sealed the deal. If it were another illusion, Thanos's hands would've gone through it.  


Then there's the line "no resurrections this time" which is more for the audience than the characters present. The dirBridget didn’t intend to kill the baby. In her horror and indecision over what to do, she was split in two.

Bridget is a pragmatist so her inclination would be to cover things up.

Amelie is born from the side of her that wanted to undo her awful deed. Her attempt to reverse course and deny her extinction entity purpose created a rift in the worldThe thrust of Mother Irene’s judgement felt... awful yet divine. The taste of Father Daxone’s judgement felt... diabolically splendorous. 

I’d been found guilty twice over, so two “clerical injections” had been mandated and a third added to my sentence.

Parent Pair Irene &amp; Daxone smiled as I dressed. They chuckled as I folded the hospital gowKhoals Fairring report

Subject 1347

On orders of Prelate Tobass standard procedure placebo lottery was suspended. Plaintiff/Defendant 1347-23A was issued placebo with authorization Relate Cardigan Obbertu.

Defendant 1347-19B was issued COVID229 + Hanta235 ¥ Zbola beta mark 12 variant GammaOliverDelta4 batch 7th cocktail.

After debriefing, TobasIf you look up the original Greek definition of Comedy, you’ll see it refers to a whole different concept and not just funny stuff.

A comedy is about people succeeding when their actions should lead to failure.

Sam is transitioning from tragedy to irony and finally to romantic. I.e. someone who fails and deserves it, into someone who fails but de1 - it’s implied that killing Sam as an infant kicked off the Stranding. Never stated directly though.

2 - They are older, John Die Hard Man especially.

3 - Most people start on the beach and go to the ocean. Sam has traveled enough to end up defaulting to the seam, but he doesn’t want to move on.

4 - Amelie is still on her beach, which is the oProTips on Zip Lines: When you install new ones, upgrade them to Level 2, so they'll have a better range for the next one you build.

Also, once they're at level 2, activate a supply request for people to upgrade it to level 3. This will make your lines more visible to other players, who will be able to use them as anchor points on their own set of&gt; What about the fact that Bridget is just a hot Elizabeth Warren, or that that kirilijm is gold derived from oil, or that that the kirilium fueled Kirilium Network is a metaphor for 5G. BTs seem like a metaphor for infected people wandering around sick, spreading the illness sending people to the beach.

I'd say that Bridget is more like a HillYeah, the online aspect not having direct multiplayer and thus no need for a lot of servers, makes it unnecessary for the PS+ service and able to offer stuff at no extra cost.

So not only did Kojima get rid of the worst part of multiplayer (other people getting in one's way and griefing) he also got ride of the 2nd worst part, having to pay extra As far as I can figure; The eaten human ends up in the seam, possibly able to travel to the beach, possibly stuck in the water.

The BT that eats the human... I don't know what happens to them. Maybe they're destroyed in the ensuing void out. Maybe they get to move onto the next world. Maybe they get to become a mega ultra BT that shows up later. MWithout getting too into detail, the most important things are: 

1. It’s a really good idea to do all five of the missions *before* you head to the western region.

2. The final pizza delivery will be from a sort of hard to find prepper in the snowy mountain area.

3. Once you find that location, you can set up a network of zip lines to make it anIt really depends on what you mean by “clear a Mule camp”.

If you mean “knock out every mofo in the camp”, then it primarily depends on the difficulty settings and how long you stay outside instead of going into a private room.

If by clear, you mean “kill every mutha fucka in the goddamn camp and I hope they burn in Hell!”, then it depends on wheI kinda feel like stuff with an American Old West setting creates a different vibe/sub-genre than Steam Punk, which seems more related to Victorian England. 

Maybe "telegraph punk" might be a better way to describe it.

I know that those eras are chronologically contemporary, but in style, sensibilities and themes, they feel distinct enough that sGeorge Carlin once gave an interview where he said "Marijuana is a drug that engenders it's own disuse". He explained that, after a certain amount of time, the expansive, creative element of being high goes away and all that's left is the loopy, dull witted effect.

I've found this to be very true for myself. In my teens and twenties, getting stoneAs a kid: Little Foot's mom in Don Bluth's The Land Before Time. 

In middle school: Timothy in The Cay by Theodore Taylor.

In high school: Anthony Breer in The Damnation Game by Clive Barker.

In my 20s: Robin Williams in Bicentennial Man.

In my 30s: Caetlyn Stark in A Storm of Swords.

In my 40s: I just turned 40 last month, so it'll probably bAny movement where ideals become more important than the people who express them. Most of the grand scale suffering in human history, can be traced to people being lead to place the needs of a "cause" above the needs of other people or even themselves.

Whether it's a religion, a nation, a political system or a moral campaign, once members of the iPerfect example in the new recently; A New York Times writer notorious for op-eds complaining about "overly sensitive millennials" got upset when a guy tweeted a joke about the Times being infested with bed bugs and said "they also have a problem with metaphorical bed bugs like Blablah-whats-his-name". 

The Times writer got so upset in fact, that &gt; easier to blame the people pointing it out rather than the institutions that perpetuate it

Yeah, but then again, taking on the church, the state, both ends of the political spectrum, the devil, the presidents, the prime ministers, the college frat bros, the college politivist groups, the college administration + teaching staff, Hollywood, BizThat's likely because tumblr is the apotheosis of internet culture lashing out against ownership culture. 

When a fable, fairy tale or legend set is made so endearing to a fanatical dominion or 'fandom' they end up thinking of it as "theirs". 

* Hence the number of Potter fans who've ousted JK Rowling as a voice of authority on the characters. 
*The biggest flaw in your theory is that 2014 Gamora isn't dusted and has since been [confirmed as still being alive and active in 2023](url). 

As for whether or not old man Cap proves the time travel theories stated by other characters in the movie wrong, that's answered in the scene where Cap swipes some Pym Particles. 

Watch that scene again anEgo could be the regenerating remains of a Celestial that almost died and whose memories of his previous life have been lost. 

The obvious idea would be that he's the brain that occupied the head that is now called Knowhere, but I seem to recall James Gunn or someone else having said that isn't the case. That could mean there's at least one other &gt; I can agree that there is a prevalence of those groups in the PNW as a whole but also a prevalence of anti straight white male rhetoric and exclusion in Portland and Eugene especially around college campuses

Presuming this statement is true (I've been away from campus life long enough that I can't recall the last time I was near LCC or UO, thWhile I agree with the overall stat that BHI are a hate group, I think /u/eugenefloattripking would have to show whether or not there's a presence or problem from that group *in Eugene*.

There's clearly a wide concern about white nationists in Eugene right now, at least from the conversations I've been hearing. I've not heard anyone mention a BHI I'm with ya. If they took out that one off gag in Homecoming where she says "My friends call me MJ" I don't think anyone would have walked out of the theater convinced she was "black Mary Jane". 

Out of everything the writers came up with to make MCU Spidey feel different from previous versions, Peter's high school friends and rivals was the most &gt; Dormammu didn't see strange spasming in front of him, he lived through the loops with strange again and again.

It's worth noting that the Dormammu loop always started when Strange was outside of his field of view. We always see him hopping over the same asteroid looking thing.

That bit aside, your objection makes sense though, because we alsI found out while reading this thread that he was promised more money on the 2nd movie when he signed up for the first, so clearly that makes a *huge* difference.

Also, I don't really imagine him filled with remorse or anything, just that twinge we all get when we think "If only I knew then, what I know now."

Given what he knew back in 2009, he m&gt; I felt just sad to know that he himself was to blame.

The great irony here, is that it all fell apart because Terence Howard wanted as a big a pay bump as Robert Downey Jr. was getting, but if he'd kept his ego in check and been a team player, he'd have spent 7 movies earning *wwwwwaaaaaaay* more money than whatever difference there was betwe&gt;it would make no sense for him to stop without having a solution.

That's pretty much what I'm saying. If he was looping time like he did with Dormammu, then he'd have stopped once he got an outcome where they win. The only reason for him to do another loop, would be if he hadn't found a solution yet.

So, in essence, my thought was that maybe Name me anything important that Michelle Jones and Mary Jane Watson have in common besides their initials.

Seriously, this character being called MJ is really an act of self fulfilling prediction. 

The writers set out to make a movie that didn't include anything that'd been done in the previous movies. That's why he never see or hear about Uncle A few flies in the ointment.

For starters, Sony's still planning their own Sinister Six movie, which might have gotten some extra momentum after Venom was such a hit.

Then there's the contract thing. Once the third MCU spidey flick is done (which I'm predicting will be called *Spider-man: Can't Go Home Again*) the contract between Marvel and SonyHer name is Michelle and they only added Jones as her last name and mentioned the MJ thing at the tail end of Homecoming.

She's also got a different personality from Mary Jane. As opposed to being an aspiring actress with a vibrant, upbeat attitude, Michelle's the "too cool for this scene" type, who tries so hard to be detached and above it all. SFor a perfect example of what Martin's talking about, look up a DC comics crossover event called *Armageddon 2001*.

The concept is really cool. In the near future, the world is a dystopia ruled by a super powered villain named Monarch, who was once a hero, before going evil and taking out the other heroes. Unfortunately no one knows which hero he Strikes me as more of a cautionary tale about the pitfalls of wanting your friends and family to be someone they're not. Wishing for everyone to be "perfect" i.e. "doing what you want" will lead to a hollow life.

Your version is pretty good too though.

Also, if you haven't read the book by Neil Gaiman, do so immediately, then follow it up with ThA few weeks ago, I was visiting my mom and watched Infinity War with her before taking her to see Endgame.

While rewatching those movies, it occurred to me that maybe Strange was being fast and loose with what he told Stark. When Stark asks "How many of those timelines do we win?" Strange looks cagey as he says "One."

Maybe he'd been looping time