Y'all, I think I may have had a true traumatic experience for the first time.  Last week I had to physically break up a dog fight; had to physically pry a dog's mouth off of another amid all the screaming and yelping they do.  It was between the neighbor's dog that I was walking/taking care of for the weekend, and another neighbor's dog (both are rKnowing where I am now in my career and life, I personally would probably turn it down, but I also have to keep in mind how hard things might be because I'm doing that, due to so many places not hiring right now because of COVID.  I'm looking for "job 2" right now, and have been applying to places since Febuary, but everyone has mostly cancelled thThey don't.  I'm telling you as a former semi-pro player.  We don't get paid.  We pay out of our own pocket to play.  Not a single player on any team got paid (nor did the coaches for that matter).  

"Semi-pro" doesn't really start to apply until you get into the tiered sports with multiple levels of professionalism, like baseball or hockey.  For Honest opinion and advice: I wouldn't do it.  It's an extremely toxic, unorganized, and to a point, dangerous culture.  Coaching and officiating is extremely poor (you'd be lucky if you got a position coach who has actually played your position in high school or college).  Fighting is an almost guaranteed occurrence at a game.  I played for two yeaGoing 2-high does make you prone to a 5-man box.  The caveats however: A spread/4WR set also reduces the number of gaps int he box that have to be defended (6 as opposed to 7-8).  If you have a true 2x2 spread set, Narduzzi has his OLB's split the difference between #2 and the tackles.  There are four interior gaps and two edge gaps (6) to defend. When you have a single-high safety, those safeties often play deeper than safeties in a 2-high look, and due to their position in the middle, they have to travel significantly farther to defender the run in either direction.  Think from the mindset that an offense only needs 3.5 yards per play to get a first down.  Narduzzi's defensive system is deI worked as an admissions ambassador during undergrad (did campus tours).  Almost every time we had a school field trip of high school students, multiple male students would keep asking us about our "basketball major," and "football major" (we didn't even have a football program at my undergrad).    

Our country's ability to prepare kids for the hNote the Cowboy's front too (6-2 with two 2i's: Two DT's in the A-gaps).  There's no way that kind of play should have gone that far against it.  That LB Kuhn blocked was too worried about finding the ball rather than just engaging the block (note how high the LB is/Kuhn got lower).  The LB literally could have just lied down on the ground and stopI do know shuffle technique is "more sensible" for certain coverages, and not for others.  It works great for pattern-match/read coverages that the QB plays a focal role in (pretty much 2-read).  The shuffle disguises their role a little better, and it allows them to change direction faster based on the if-then read...assuming they're taking the trI'd rather take a 3-3 stack and make it simply an "odd-stack" or a 5-3 stack in high school.  I like keeping consistent edge rushers, and the idea of only one defensive player on the LOS to each side of the center within the tackle box doesn't appeal to me.  I'm also fixated on the idea of always having at least four rushing on every snap (which yo* You can be most physical off the LOS up to five yards.  You can use your hands to press, re-route, jab (with your palms) at the receiver's pads, etc.  Once they've crossed five yards, you have to essentially back off and cover.

* Don't "grip" the receiver (don't grab, pull, etc).

* Don't move to alter the receiver's path solely to alter the recThe same stuff everyone else does.  The differences in training by position group comes down to the type of agility and footwork/technique drills.  Lift and core-wise, it's pretty much all the same.  Do your squats and your power cleans.  Do your push-ups and bench, and balance it with back workouts.  Always work on your core/abs.  Focus on fast-twI honestly don't know much about lifting at all; in fact, it was my least favorite part of being an athlete.  If anything, they help with injury prevention.  Strong calves mean stronger resistance to injury when your legs get tangled or fallen on, or changing direction.  As you add weight and muscle, your body also has to adapt to support that weigGuards should hard post (I call it a hard post when you pick the foot up, and quickly put it down hard) a 2i, unless the splits are wide, then take more a soft (more of a side step) towards the 2i.  You want to attack a 2i and treat it almost like a nose guard/shade in terms of aggression.  Essentially, the guard is trying to get their shoulders anNot an Air Raid person, but where I was last at, we combined Shallow Cross and Mills.  Our outside receivers on either side ran skinny posts, regardless of the call.  Our #2 to the playside always ran a dig, and #3 (or #2 backside) always ran the shallow.  We then taught the #2 to key for one or two high safeties and run a dig or post off of that. /u/Tdeuce16 hit it on the head.  There are a ton of different ways to do it, and the type of power you're facing + the base front, stunt, and box-play technique will affect this.  

I try not to look at stopping individual plays.  For example, "how do you stop power, zone, counter, sweep, trap, etc" tries to neatly compartmentalize plays assuming tI wouldn't try to "compare" it to other concepts in football.  Pass protection is it's own animal by itself that doesn't compare well.  

It depends.  Professional pass protections can get pretty complicated, but outside of that, it depends on the system being ran.  If you haven't seen [**"The QB School's" video on slide/half-slide protection,**](uI'm trying to find a new job, because I've "peaked" where I'm at in my entry level role, and it's not an area of my field I want to be in.  I've been searching since February and COVID fucked it up, and now it's starting to get really stressful and emotional, because I can see myself slipping in my current role, with no sign of improvement.  I've pI've never studied that part to be honest, but I figure it would be just like any other mesh-option play like you said.  As most mesh-read teams do, they teach the ride 'n' decide (stab ball into belly, press into back if giving, pull if keeping), or point method (if back feels ball, it's a give; if back doesn't feel the ball, it's a keep).  

For My big thing with any odd front defense is to find a way to simply adjust to trips.  I'm not as big a fan of odd fronts anymore, because there usually needs to be more moving parts and assignment exchanges to adjust to trips, especially if you're using an eagle front or 4i's.  Consider what your base coverage will be, and see how you can adjust to I see clear cover 0 up top, with cover 2 below, with the CB losing sight of the #1 receiver.  It doesn't make sense for there to be all man coverage on one side, and zone on the other, but I can't fathom the top side being anything other than man coverage.

Thinking through it more, I'm saying it's cover 1, with the FS dropping along the far hash tI wouldn't read too much into that article.  It's an opinion piece at most, and probably isn't back with extensive numbers or science.

I coach adult women's football (NCAA rules), and we rarely, if-ever, see zone coverage (we've never used it either).  Pretty much everyone just runs cover zero or cover one.  We like it, because it's super easy to Few things are more demoralizing than an opponent going on a 10+ minute drive, seeming to only gain 3-4 yards per play.  It keeps the defense on the field, without giving them a break, it frustrates the offense because they can't get on the field, and only giving up 3-4 yards per run doesn't seem the worst thing imaginable at first, but as they staYikes...the number does not mean where people are on the field.  The video states "2" means there are two people in the backfield," and that the "1" means there's a TE attached to the box, which is completely wrong.  You can have an empty formation with all five eligible players out by the sidelines and still be in 21 personnel.  

The personnel grIt's important to remember that not everyone on this sub are NFL fans, or know NFL players.  This sub is for all levels of football, and we get a lot of youth content/discussion here too.  I honestly can't name off the top of my head any of the teams these players play for (if "Sherman" is Richard Sherman, that's the only one I know), and only two Tampa 2 is pretty much how most C2 zone-drop teams play now anyways.  It's not so much C2 vs T2, it's C2 in general vs. 2-read.

Also...neither is better.  Schemes aren't naturally better or worse than others.  It comes down to your staff's ability to coach it, and your players' ability to execute it.  There are no "this is better than that," schemReferees still see it as one fluid motion I guess.  I know teams still do this elsewhere as well.  If you look at the whole body of the snapper, it looks really fluid/smooth; the hips/legs only make one move.  That's probably why it still counts.  The move involves the whole body.

Also, the moment the ball moves, it is live, so there's higher riskThis play can still be called.  [Iowa did a pass to the snapper in 2017 against OSU](url).  The snap has to involve the ball moving backward to a player not on the line of scrimmage (a back) in one fluid motion: Therefore the snap is legal.

The "snapper" (not necessarily the "center,") is the end player on the LOS, and therefore is eligible.  AnyoMost pro teams want the free defender to be in the QB's view (or to the QB's throwing side, where he's more likely to be opened to).  Hot routes are often called to the side of the concept being played too, that way if a blitzer comes free, it's all on the same side.  

For example, in 1/2 slide, the back has the Mike to Sam backer (Playside ILB toBoth safeties are doing this. It's some kind of cover 2 man, or they're actually called double coverages on the outside receivers, but are given a read/if-then rule: If #1 stays short or outside, come back inside.

Slants and digs by the outside receivers are deadly in this area of the field, so it's likely a situational or game-planned coaching poI know these titles are written as questions, and I'm going to ask that if they are just the name of the source/video being posted to include the source in "[]" brackets as well please.  In this case, this post would be "[The QB School] How do NFL Quarterbacks Understand Pass Protection?"

To the post though...I've watched this a couple times now, If you didn't know too, many teams today are using "split-field coverage" where on each side of the field, they're running different coverages by call from the huddle, or based on how the formation on each side lines up.  Cover 6 is the really big concept to come from this idea.  If you call cover 4, but the offense comes out in a 2x1 set (only thrCan't be cover 3 based on drop-points. If you're running cloud, your weakside safety (deep middle) would not be dropping straight back; counter productive to covering between the hashes.  Then the bottom corner also drops straight back and never comes inside of the numbers.  Straight back zone drops from a 2-high safety look is a big cover 4 indicaI agree with everyone else that it is cover 6, but only 75% of the way...something the bottom safety does throws me off: He completely stops his retreat and plants his feet.  Any DB covering a deep zone shouldn't be doing that.  For receivers running option routes, that movement the DB takes is a "go" read (meaning burn them deep, because they squaIt's light, but it's fine for recruits.  College programs have intensive development programs to healthily put weight on players.  They'd rather get a tall kid in the low 200's who's athletic as hell coming in than a tall athletic kid at 300 who's not athletic as hell.  Packing weight on is easy for them.  

We had a TE who was 6'6" and about 220 gI disagree that this is a "this is what happens if you do someone else's job" scenario, and more so bad route recognition.  The defense isn't that unsound here, but the ILB is late picking up the crossing route.  I wouldn't consider this "doing someone else's job."  It's just slow route recognition, and I don't see anyone free-lancing or trying to After the third kick-step, he seems to jumble over his feet.  The next step with a DE that wide is after taking the third kick-step, maybe attack out at the DE.  Having said that though, I don't really see anything wrong by the RT here.

As already said though, the 3-tech does a great rush that opens up the area underneath for the DE to come aroundI honestly disagree that this is a "this is what happens if you do someone else's job" scenario.  The defense isn't all that unsound here. The ILB is just late picking up the crossing route.  I wouldn't consider this "doing someone else's job."  It's just slow route recognition, and I don't see anyone free-lancing or trying to do "extra" outside ofIt all depends on how you prefer to move the ball.  If you're playing a "control deck" approach (play chess/strategize and set up the next play and the play after that) you're moving pieces around and setting up your moves, which is when longer play names help, because you can make various tweaks to get the situation you want.

If you want to take  

In terms of introducing everything at the start of preseason, use those first couple practices for simply education about the game, and it's basics, using the terminology your system will use.  The physical part of practicing should be mostly agility and conditioning drills, along with incorporating some simple position skills to help determine A lot of high school teams who use the run 'n' shoot from under center use a similar running game: Jet sweeps, wide zones, etc (the two go well together, because your jet sweep and base run to the tailback can be the same blocking for the line).  It's actually been a popular system in some of the big-name high schools in Michigan. The largest high A22 film for college ball is really hard to come by; it's usually held privately by people with close connections to individual schools (or it's leaked to the public, then taken down after awhile).  Schools keep it much closer to their chest than the NFL, because the NFL itself has chosen to use A22 film as a marketing tool.  

Usually things only There's specific types of designations teams often give to interior defensive linemen.  A "Nose" typically refers to a defensive linemen who is lined up on/over the center...because they're lined up over the NOSE of the center.  In a lot of even-front defenses (defenses that primarily don't have a defender over the center) will designate a nose guaNot if they're already here, and their country's borders are closed down...then where do they go?  Also consider the serious risk of traveling internationally during a pandemic.  

Some are also from very dysfunctional and war-torn countries...we'd be putting them in a worse situation by making them go back, and that's the opposite of what universiYep.  I work in university housing, and many of the only students we have left on campus are international students who's countries are closed, or it's too dangerous to go back...we have a transgender student from a very anti-LGBTQ+ African country who just came out this year at our school, and now he pretty much can't go back, because he'd face alIt's mind blowing that they even though of that idea in the first place.  It's hard to NOT link that with xenophobic anti-immigration agenda, because there was absolutely no point in putting it forward unless you simply didn't want people here.  Like...they didn't even think about the fact that some students already here are from countries with cloSounds like a lack of follow through; there needs to be a momentum working against the ball to gradually change the trajectory angle so the nose points down.  Make sure you're getting a full flick and point with your throwing hand as you're releasing.  If the ball's nose is pointing up at the end of the throw, it means the ball is getting shot-puttYou have to watch A LOT of football, read a lot of content and watch a lot of videos on the little details.  You can't learn it all at once.  Just one thing at a time; one concept, one blocking scheme, one coverage, etc.  Learn zone blocking, then learn it again, then watch video examples, then more video examples.  After awhile, it becomes like NoWhat sort of blocks are you having trouble with?  Is it WR's coming from the outside and picking you off downfield, or is it you coming up into the box to defend the run, and you're getting blocked by the linemen?

Either way, make sure you're taking good pursuit angles that will force the ball carrier to move towards your other teammates.  If you Depends on the system and how they want the WR's to play.

I would say a pretty common one you see is this...assuming the numbers are painted roughly 5-6 yards in height.

* If the ball is in the middle of the field: Just on top (inside) of the numbers.  

* If the ball is on the near hash: Just on the bottom (outside) of the numbers.

* If the balIdk about playing, but from a coaching perspective who's worked under terrible programs and HC's, it's usually a lack of organization and skill from the head coach or athletic department (skills in program management, quality control, self discipline, etc), paired with negative culture and attitudes by leadership (coaches and/or school administratiOne year when I was coaching middle school, we had a great QB, but he was very up front with us that he hated playing QB.  He was a natural leader and thrower too, and always worked hard, and did what he had to do; just didn't like it and would have preferred to play D-line or TE, or something like that.  He lucked out.  After not playing freshman I've never seen a team ownership pout like a child going "I don't wanna!" more than Bill Snyder.  He's probably gonna requires that administration still uses "Redskins" in closed door meetings.

Come to think of it, that South Park episode on them rings even more true now; when Snyder is on the field getting his ass kicked by the Cowboys, because hIt's like you don't assume that these football players have lives outside of football that they have to live...school, personal lives, etc.  What you're proposing is that these kids are forced to do mandatory football activities for an entire straight year (not to mention playing 2x as many games as normal) just to appease you and the "hungry" fansThis isn't just sports writers.  Lots of university staff and faculty are in the same boat: We're about to fill our campuses, or open up our halls to so many people that it's pretty much inevitable outbreaks will happen; especially when we're bringing athletes in from all over the country.  When that happens, we're just gonna have to shut down agaiYep, I coach women's semi-pro football, and we were the last team in our conference that was still practicing, and it was just because our HC frankly can't think more than a day ahead in terms of our program.  He was installing new plays we never even ran before (and not telling us other coaches beforehand) all the way up to the last practice, wherI work at a lower division university, and we have a rotating/occasionally starting RB on hour roster who's 5'6" and probably pushing 270.  Dude's a little bowling ball; watching guys try to tackle him is funny because he has so much leverage, and all of his weight is so low to the ground. 

What's even better is that he has the exact same first anIt will not decrease your speed.  However...you don't need creatine.  Seriously, you don't need it.  The medical field doesn't recmmmend kids/teens taking it either (most creatine packaging even says to not take if under 18).  Your body is still growing.  Let it grow.  If you stick to the workout routines your program gives you, you're going to seeWell, to start, if you haven't read our wiki page, start there!

There are plenty of ways to get invested into the game.  Bearing that football happens this fall, I'm sure there's a local high school program that can utilize your skills if you're willing to work as a volunteer.  

If not, I honestly say just ask questions to this sub.  A lot of us Just to echo another comment, and as a former player (hopefully future player again) myself, PLAY RUGBY!  It's a great game with a fun "underground" culture to it, and you'll find a community or game that will stick with you for life.  It's much friendly for newby players too; it's similar to soccer in that everyone has to have and perform the same