See, I have a fairly unique name. Something where people recognize it, but was never the name of every other kid in the room. I knew one other kid with the same name in junior high/high school, and I share it with a celebrity... I like it, glad for my parent's choice there.

I'd like to do the same for my children if I have any.


But not somethingBe honest. If I were a player I'd be disappointed, of course, but if my GM isn't having fun, well... That sucks.

If you keep going, it probably won't go well and you might end up burning out. And if planning sessions is frustrating, quality is might suffer, and eventually no one will be enjoying it. 

I do like the idea of offering a rebuild/contiYikes. 

I'm a weirdo and enjoy weddings - It's a celebration and usually there's good food/booze! And like, sometimes people I like, I guess. 


I did not when I was a kid. Hated them. Absolutely hated them. So yeah, I agree with the others saying most kids wouldn't want to go anyways.


Sorry you happened to be close to that many assholes. Your pHmm, I don't see any red flag in asking a new player to play a healer or something else specific. The existing players know what sessions look like amd what their weaknesses are as well as what would mesh with the group's playstyle. It can also help avoid role overlap. Is there something I'm missing here?
Of course demanding something isn't cool. 
She looks fine to me...They should have somewhat rounded bellies. 

As for moving, you could take her out and let her explore some rooms in your home - They tend to like exploring too.


I'm not sure about the food. If she's eating, that's good. Might need to train her to 'hunt' if you don't want to hand feed her all the time - She might have just There are some risks, yeah. Personally, I have a hell of a hard time sticking through reading a new rulebook. And honestly, I keep remembering my bad experiences with new systems more clearly. That's not a good thing, but honestly at this point I just feel like venting. 

I remember one of my GMs trying to get our group into Shadowrun. And I was reI figured this was common knowledge TBH, nor do I think it's an opinion so much as fact. But yes, absolutely, for the reasons stated. I decided to study at least partly in high school even though I didn't really need to. That helped me a lot in university. And even with that, I knew people with all sorts of study tactics that I never really picked &gt;For newer players AV/temp may be a tougher sell (I'm sure AI will be venerated regardless but you won't be able to safely stack bloodlines like I did) unless you play with a specific mod that fixes the AV/temp bug, which basically doesn't allow for your character to be venerated. There's ways around that bug unmodded but I wouldn't recommend thI help run a server with a metacampain and multiple groups. Key words there being "help run". We've got admins/moderators for management and the like, then a second team (though many of the 'staff' are on both) which takes care of what the plot is, what the goals of the campaign are, etc.
It's a more military setting than DnD, so we do have actual I was looking at them and they didn't see the same... Ancestor Veneration does seem pretty powerful. Is that basically just making your ancestors saints, or is it more about giving opinion buffs with people?

EDIT: I saw something say Ancestor Veneration allows Eldership, is that true? I've been having a lot of fun with the new (to me) succession lI've seen it happen to my Bearded Dragon before - It was on a wire mesh. Might want to figure out what he rubbed it off on and consider removing that object? 


I don't know blue tongues very well, so I can't give more specific advice, but my beardie was fine later. We put some antibiotics on as it healed - But that was on vet advice, we made sure Monster Hunter World.

Uhh... Depends. Do I get the strength/speed/ability to literally fall off mountains without being hurt that the characters have? I'd... Take a while but probably make it.
Also, if 100% means catching all the endemic life and shit, then it would be a long while. 


If I'm just me, I'm pretty sure I couldn't even lift any of thI don't want to clutter up the other great answers since I don't know a lot about Leos specifically, but it looks really nice to me. He has a lot of things to explore and places to hide, and it looks like he's got quite a bit of space - Those are all good things!

I saw you mentioned handling him - Typically the reason you don't handle an animal afI have a DM who decided he wanted to put major effort into his voice acting for a campaign I joined.

Does it blow me away? Hell yeah.
Is it necessary? No. I have another game where the DM does not, at least not to the same extent. I have a lot of fun in both. I don't voice act my characters either.


There are a lot of things that can add to a camNot to defend that, but in a way I understand where she's coming from. I take part in a lot of PbP games, where everything is text and not in specific sessions, and things can get held up if someone doesn't respond.

But usually, you just wait. If I'm trying to keep things moving, I'll usually say the PC takes cover or aims or something along thoseIt's kind of terrifying. 

I also took a software engineering program... The other software engineering students were all fine, I had a lot off good teams there. I always dreaded courses shared with computer science students. Many of them were fine, smart, whatever. But there were a number who just *didn't get it*

How computers work. Programming cI agree.

Frankly, I found Reddit/this sub after my beardie passed. It's sad for me to see such posts but I like to offer what support an internet stranger can to others who've experienced the same thing. I understand why posting a tribute somewhere helps.

But I'd also prefer it not be extremely prevalent, to be honest. I'm here because I miss havI've heard a few stories about people doing so, and I think that they just zero in on the attention, sympathy, and support people with cancer get.


I don't know for sure of course. I do know that it pisses me off immensely. For a few reasons... I've known a few people with cancer. My grandmother caught her cancer at a lage stage - And survived thaI don't see anything that implies that he'll go back to doing crack and selling guns to drug dealers if the relationship fails. I read that he doesn't expect the relationship to survive 6-8 years in prison. His business certainly won't. All of which sucks for him. 

I don't see how imprisoning him helps him or society. 

I'm not adamant that he shoIt partly depends on the snake, both species and individual. That said, a lot of snakes are super fun to interact with, like Hognoses. Some species happily climb on you and let you hold them. Others are more fragile or prefer to wrap on a branch and stay there.



Emotionally is harder to say - I doubt they have the same emotions/affections we do, Interesting. My dragon's colours certainly got brighter when he was relaxed/sleepy, and would darken when he was basking. 

But when I figured he's happy his beard would be super bright orange (his whole beard was orange), when he was pissed off it was black.


I don't know if it's true and it does reek of speculation - But she certainly looks likeFucking hell, the start of this...
"I'm giving my character an excuse to act evil without consequences. Also fuck you for not running with that."


If the group didn't like your DMing... That's fair enough. Not everyone has to enjoy everyone else's playstyles. But it sounds like this particular guy was just a dick and hated you because you didn't fBecause why not? That was meant as an example of reasoning that seemed to suggest people could go against God. 

As a contemporary and relevant example, you can find religious figures saying that homosexuality is a sin, which makes it (in my understanding) going against god.
I could have a flawed understanding of the concept of "sin" though. 



InSelf-deprecating jokes are fine IMO, but you need to be able to balance them - If you're just consistantly beating yourself up, it's no good... The latter is annoying/unattractive/etc. to everyone, and worrying to people who like you.


Well. I've never had an issue with it - I've seen some great self-burns, and I'd like to say I've made some damn I'm not sure how I feel about that to be honest. I don't like being outside of my comfort zone, I have no problem admitting that. I have anxiety issues, and if it's an unfamiliar situation I don't want to be in, I tend to shut down frankly. As such I get annoyed with people who try to force it.

At the same time I can't say I disagree with you. TheAaah what the fuck. I get annoyed when people are being unhelpful, I guess, but I wouldn't shoot someone because they don't want to run up and hit things, especially when they have 9 HP.

But also, everyone's at full health and you have buffs up? That also indicates no one was really at risk...



I don't understand what the issue was. I guess thatI can relate to this for sure, my mum and dad have a pretty good relationship considering they separated. 

I think the thing that confuses people most is the fact that they were never married so there wasn't actually a divorce. The split was also when I was 2 or so, so I don't remember *anything*.


I *did* have an evil stepmother for a while whic"A server was created about his shenanigans..."

Ah yes. One of THOSE fellows.
I help run a semi-similar server (we have an overarching campaign rather than one-shots). 

When I and a few of the other staff started playing a private game (different system and server), one of the first channels was for "bitching". We go there to share the antics of I disagree with that actually. There are narcissistic assholes in the profession - And it's a problem - but I don't think that's necessarily the case here.

It takes a very special person to make a good doctor. They need empathy but they also need to be able to divorce themselves from the situation and treat the patient without getting overwhelmed,Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Nihilus the Hungry? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend.


...


All that aside, I do still recommend KOTOR, I and II. Alas, I lack time to do so again myself. Honestly, I never played the fixed cut of it through and I was quite young so I forgot/missed a lot of those deI agree. However, here I believe they are targeting protesters. That shouldn't happen.

I've seen no evidence that the cops are at risk or that this water supply was intended to be thrown at people.

If it was a pile of bricks that was being handed out, or something else that had no use in the current situation, I could see this reaction. But this Do you have evidence that water bottles make better projectiles? Or even good projectiles? I've seen videos of people being hit by shoes. I don't see a water bottle being much more dangerous.

I think water being available for the protestors is important. As well as the rights of whoever brought it to not have their property destroyed.
I do not thiI was suggesting other objects that can be thrown. The text I'm quoting states that they want to destroy items that can be thrown..I pointed out an example of other objects that can be thrown, that they do not seem to be targeting. That is one of many reasons that I do not believe their statement.


Also, "your" is the proper term - It is my commenI think it's because pets tend to be a constant, and a supportive one at that.

I had a bearded dragon through high school and most of university (not a dog I know, but they're like puppy lizards!) and one of my favorite things to do was hold him, play with him and let him run around the house, or just talk to him when I was stressed out. He'd alwaAt one point I thought she was the sane candidate, then she started in on... Weird things. Or maybe she wss always like that and I didn't know. I used to consider voting green quite often, but not a chance anymore.


As far as asylum seekers... Perhaps. I'm not opposed to it per say, because the US is goddamn scary right now. But it's something thaIs there a separate legal definition for confiscate? My understanding - Confirmed by the dictionary I have - Is that it means the authority seized the property. Nothing about an intention to ever give it back. The word is used for illegal substances (e.g. confiscated drugs) too, which I doubt any authority intends to give back.

I would still be raI disagree with your initial assumption - Why can't you confiscate something where you don't know who owns it? You say it should be obvious, but I don't see a reason for that.



I don't think that's a great analogy, nor can I think of a better one. It would be pretty easy to move planks aside in case someone wants to claim them later. There's no nThe quote states they're trying to "eliminate objects that can be thrown". 
I was mocking that by giving an example of other things that can be thrown, because I think that's a ridiculous statement. There are many things that can be thrown. And if that's the real issue, destroying water bottles and medical supplies accomplishes nothing. 

Even if tPartial quote from the PD on this matter: 
&gt;"... The Asheville Police Department (APD) would always prefer confiscation over destruction. We apologize for not being able to confiscate these supplies last night. Over the past three days APD has tried to eliminate objects that can be thrown at protesters and law enforcement. Because water bottles,I figure some monsters just don't click. Uragaan carted me when I went after him in HR, but I could take him on after that.

MR Uragaan, with the extra fiery death roll? Heh, yeah, he beats me up a lot. I call him 'most improved'  in difficulty from HR to MR because he caught me way off guard.


Might also be weapon choice. I saw elsewhere that a lYour character can also be female in the games (or at least, some of them) and do just fine...
And there are plenty of female characters throughout the games that have technical/other skills that seem to be doing as well as any other wastelander.


As others have mentioned there are a few instances where it's implied/discussed. But, it isn't a univI got Morrowind on the Xbox when I was pretty young. Game scared the shit out of me when I went into... I think it was one of the Ashlander temples or some other old complex? Dagoth Ur related perhaps?

I saw a giant green ogre looking thing, freaked out, and didn't play again for years. 

Then I played and ran into a game breaking glitch (IIRC I gIn my opinion, Fate is on a whole different level of 'rules light'. I couldn't even come up with a character I liked in a framework like that. 


I would say there are other games which are in between that and 5e though. I'm playing a module of Mutant: Year Zero and that's a fun system which, IMO, is much less complicated than 5e while still havingBecause I don't know how someone could spend that much money on a golf trip.

Say he's gone on 365 trips. Once every 4 days for 4 years. That comes out to ~$367k a trip.
Eveb if you make it a trip every 2 days, that's ~$187k a trip, which is more than my salary. 

Where's all the money going? I imagine being a president comes with a bunch of extra I agree with your general sentiment, but wanting to have biological children makes perfect sense to me. Reproduction is generally... a hardwired biological desire, I guess I'd call it? And humans aren't exempt from that. Obviously not everyone wants to, for various reasons (which is perfectly fine as well).

Adoption isn't that, which in a way makeAbsolutely, yeah. If it seems like he's having trouble getting it off, you could give him a warm bath - Although that doesn't look necessary to me right now. 

And as others have said, if you help make sure you only gently brush the shed. That's totally fine - They'll rub against things to get it off themselves. But don't pull at it or peel it becaIt could be due to server region. A buddy of mind had accidentally set his to Europe (We're in North America) and things got worse


I will say, Discord does have issues like that at times. The usual solution is the same, lol, swotch the server region for a bit.
I have the same issues with Teams and Skype but don't have a way to fix it so... Hell iWhat do you mean by 'a good chance'? The answer is probably yes. If you mean, if you can get an education and job in it? Yeah, for sure, if you can afford that education (which is sadly an issue for some).

I don't do IT, but I do know our IT department is still running. We'd be in a lot of trouble otherwise because they maintain our remote connectAh, definitely getting a software related education. It was sort of chance - I had one programming course in my forst year of University and just built from there. 

I graduated last year and because I work in software, I kept my job and easily transitioned to working from home in the pandemic. Not only that, but the pay is good. I know a lot of peAll true. 

My thoughts are more along these lines though - Humans are animals. As such, I don't think it's weird or wrong for people to want to pass on genetics, and I think that extends to bloodlines (grandchildren).

I'm worried about being misinterpreted, so I'll stress again that it doesn't give you any right to control what your children do, The only advice I have is learn... You should definitely talk to your players and work with them if they reach out to you, but it sounds like you also weren't aware there was a problem - In that case they also need to let you know. It's a cooperative activity, between you and all of the players.

On the other hand, it sounds like V and D might haveYeah, that's fair. 
Now isn't a great time with the pandemic, and it does cost money, but I do recommend finding an exotic vet and bringing him for yearly checkups, or at least one since he's new. Plus a vet's advice will be better than anything you can find here.
For some reason I know  a lot of people that don't seem to think of bringing reptilesWell... Your third DM seems more reasonable, he at least didn't bring it up again. 

I admit I don't mind a bit of flirting in my games, but if someone doesn't want to deal with it then it should stop... Your GMs should have backed off, although it seems like a couple were pretty intent on forcing things regardless of what you and your character waHi Sticky, hope you're feeling well! Kick some butt!
You look adorable and fierce, like a Dragon should!



To the human owners (well, servants...) - Our dragon had something similar, growth on his liver. So I sorta know what you're going through... We didn't get chemo but we tried some other things that helped. 
I wouldn't just start using it withI'm no expert on hanging, but I believe it works in two ways:
1: Snapping the neck from the sudden drop
2: Slow suffocation/strangling

Seeing as she wasn't immediately dead, 1 didn't happen (though damage to the neck is probably still likely)

Lifting her legs might've added some support so her body wasn't pulling down on the rope - It wouldn't beI feel you. I'm in a warhammer 40k game which is fairly grim, and honestly, I'm damn tired of it.

I'm reluctant to drop it because I love the characters in said game. Although I could barely care less about the story of it. I'd love to just transplant them to a different setting, but only one of them is mine - I can't exactly ask the group to do tInteresting... I see your point about people not speaking up. That's definitely an issue - But there's only so much screen real estate and the people who aren't talking don't get displayed in our video call app. 



Other than that - Do we really rely on visuals that much? 'Tired' and 'frustrated' are both things I can tell from the way people are So as a guy who plays video games and DnD online... I've never run into all the echoy problems until work calls all moved online. 

Is it just because everyone who hasn't had to invest in it has shitty mics? 

I and the people I play with don't normally need to mute our mics - I don't hear echo from them - except for one guy who's keyboard is ridicOn deciding what he wants to do - That's absolutely the right call. I know a few people who just went on career paths they weren't sure of, and typically they're miserable. Or were until they did figure it out.


Also, as others have mentioned - What is your son supposed to do? If his situation is anything like mine, he wouldn't be able to afford aIf someone knows more, go with their advice, but here's my thoughts: 

He looks a *bit* chunky, yeah. Just keep in mind that they should still have a pretty round belly so be careful if you do put him on a diet.

This is a rough thought with no real backing, but I've heard as a general rule - if he can still run around without his belly dragging on