I mean common sense kinda of tells you it's a puppy and its gonna eat anything it comes across. You're kind of a moron if you didn't think it was gonna eat the big colorful pile of tasty balloons. 
That being said, people on Reddit definitely took it way too far, this might be their first puppy or maybe they have kids who left the balloons out, cauWe have been trying to get them on the phone for a few days now but the lines are insanely busy in Canada and I can't seem to get through, they won't respond to emails and the Canadian website doesn't have a chat feature that I'm able to find. I've contacted my bank about it and they seem to agree that is a shady return policy so I'm hoping they geSee I'm having an issue returning something we bought back in May, so be careful there. They said we ran out the return window but we didn't even get the damn thing til July 4th, tell me how I ran out the return window when I've only had the item for 2-3 weeks? And good luck trying to get a hold of customer service, we don't have the website chat fDo you know if this applies to Canadians? I maybe should have mentioned this is in Canada. 
I'm gonna try to resolve it with the company, I feel like if a can speak to an actual person it can be cleared up pretty quickly, it's just getting in touch with an actual human being is quite tricky these days it seems, at least with The Gap.
I really appreGonna try my luck with calling customer service hopefully I can get through this week and get this sorted out. The store we called in Winnipeg did tell us they couldn't take it by mail because they could be liable which is 100% fair, and honestly if I had another reason to travel to the city I definitely would, but even the people at the Gap store We called the closest store that is two hours away and they told us we could bring it in for a refund but I don't think we should have to drive into a big city, especially during COVID, to return an item that they held onto for way longer than they should have. We have tried to contact the customer service line but we are still on hold, I've also sI worked in the food industry for 15 years, started when I was 14 and just got out this year. Trust me I've seen it all and I absolutely will not return food unless they place I ordered from really fucks up, I know mistakes happen but food should not be delivered cold, my drink should not be capsized and there is zero excuse for me ordering two burI had to contact my bank and dispute the charges because I've been waiting a month for a return to process, it's been delivered for almost a month now, and they said they were shipping clothes on June 8th, still nothing but a tracking number that hasn't been dropped off or registered with UPS yet. Ridiculous man, everyone should be warned about theI'm sorry but the dickheads asking for real world money to help out other players are gonna jock you for T.T? Who cares if you did, at least you not out here trying to scam $10 our of people to come watch a meteor shower. That other sub is a bunch of morons, especially when tons of them have all the golden tools, how you get the golden Rod or net wSo back when I was just out of high school I started smoking both weed and cigs. My Dad knew about both and he also knew that I had quit cigs and I think he must have assumed I quit weed as well.

Anyways one day about 2 years ago we are talking and he asks me if "you quit smoking years ago right? You don't still smoke do you?" All I had to do was So we are comparing a human being putting wear and tear on a controller to a playful cat is that what you are telling me? I'm not saying the Xbox controller isn't shitty don't get me wrong. I've broken mutiple controllers but the bumper doesn't always come off. I 100% believe you broke your bumper using the shit out of it, I don't believe this dudeI'm amazed your cat was able to get that trigger out, I am a 240lb man and I can't remove those without some serious use or force or tools. Not to mention I can slam my controller on the ground and there is probably a 25% chance that still isn't coming off. Gotta call bullshit on this one, a picture of a garbage pile isn't proof, you could have broMegan Fox was relevant for 2 Micheal Bay films before she dropped off and Mia Khalifa was relevant for like 8 whole minutes, doesn't she just thrist trap dudes on twitter now? Rihanna, ScarJo and Mila are probably the best bets. Margot Robbie needs another few years to hit her decade, Wolf of Wall Street put her on the map I believe and it's not 10Do NOT send anything Cannabis related in the mail. They screwed up, it's not on you to take the risk of mailing something that could land you jail time. They are the business they can take the risk, you as the consumer stand to gain nothing by taking the same risk they are. A good MoM wouldn't ask you to even take that chance. Keep the package and Broken Coast is a fucking joke. The last 3 times I got their weed it was so wet I had to actually finish the drying process myself. When I buy Twd brand for $8 a gram and its better than the "small batch craft grower" you know something stinks at Broken Coast. I hardly collect any kief now compared to what I was getting off their bud when it was fiBut when there is over 50 different rolls in each gun the exact weapon im looking for is stil rare. Especially when you factor in i want a particular roll and i want it anointed. Still would have taken me a week or two of farming as i don't play as much as i would like. At the rate they drop at now itll be years before i get a proper class mod for Yeah if he has mental issues the last thing you wanna do is stare him down like hes a wild animal, there is a high chance he will take it as a threat and come at you. 

Source: i work security in an area that has lots of homeless people, one of the first things they teach you is eye contact when talking to people but you absolutely do not stare dowI'd be kicking his ass out of the house plain and simple. I dont care if url shit in your shoes, you DO NOT lay hands on my dog NOR do you give me your snide ass fucking attitude when i shit on you for it. You're lucky I ain't dropkick your teenage ass through the wall. I would also be ending my relationship with his moron of a mother as well, her Okay three points and you can go back to licking doorknobs. 

Do what you do best and go through my profile, it's 5 years old and i have two silvers in THIS subreddit you clown, but yeah you got me Detective I'm a scammer, using my main.

I have never made a complaint against a MoM like this before so maybe check yourself bud. I was one of the peopI'm not worried, this sub is turning into a joke tbh, Ive been called a Shill on other posts or been accused of wetting my weed in order to get free bud(on this post actually) and all im doing is demanding they provide proper customer service. I also wish people would explain my misunderstandings about the weight when drying but i guess its easier I apologize for calling you a chump. Most people are just willing to accept wet weed and dry it out for a few weeks, i had assumed you were one of those people and that is my bad.

You do make valid points if it was true AAA i would not expect it to be replaced however i was refering to how i thought the weed looked while i was wet, you are correctI'm saying the weed is basically so wet its like it just came off the plant. I know the difference between sticky and wet, sticky buds stick together for the most part, this shit does not.

I've never had anything bad to say about Togo ive ordered from them multiple times without issue. I do expect a full replacement because as i said this weed is Yeah i don't wanna name them just yet, if they don't reply to me by tomorrow Ill add some pics and their name to the post. I just wanted to know what the community thought, I've never gone after a MoM for bad bud before but this shit was extremely disappointing to open. I definetly should have recorded the opening, hopefully they dont screw me for If you are going out for the night just give yourself the first nut before you go out. Always get the first nut out of the way and you should last longer the second time around. Always worked for me when i was younger. Now my girlfriend will get me off before supper and then after we eat we usually fuck for a while if that's what she wants. UsuallyBro hit up r/microgrowery people commenting here dont appreciate growing a bag seed into something beautiful, over there ive seen people grow fire from shake they got on the street, its not always about the genetics its about the grower. You could have top notch genetics but if you garden like an amateur your weed is gonna be bunk as hell no matterLooks like he made a few. There was some "rich" dickhead posting pics about CW yesterday too. This is defintely the same guy, they talk the exact same, like some asshole who never made it past 10th grade cause he was too busy trying to fuck his cousins and now he tries to flex on everyone over the internet to hide what a side shell of a human he reMy high school gym teacher was about 350lbs. I remember one time he yelled at me because I refused to run the mile on the fitness test, because i hated running and was terrible a long distance, so I told him when i saw him run the fucking mile I would also run it. I was sent to the office and had to retake the class the next semeter with a differenHonestly I'm not super impressed with them either. I got some Apple Pie back in July and from what I experienced its all hype. For $80 a Q it was not worth it, weak smell and taste and the effects were absolutely nothing like the reviews I have read about it. They basically told me its supposed to be like that, tough luck. Ill be buying my "craft" Do you do secret Santa every year on Reddit? How do I get in on that? Something from The Governator himself would be an epic gift for my father, he's followed your career since you won your first body building competition, you're the reason he decided to bodybuild himself. Seen every single movie, i think he's got at least two copies of your BodybuPay attention to your partners body and their reactions to what you do woth your mouth and tongue. Do they get louder when you do something particular, do they tense up and grab your hair or do they just sit there motionless? You have to learn your partners body and how they react to stimuli, also dont be afraid to communicate verbally, we love wheHonestly dude put them on blast. That's not acceptable from any business that wants your money. You don't go radio silent nor do you imply that your customer ia dishonest. I swear these fucking MoMs are all run by children. How hard is it to email someone back and work with them to find a resolution you both vmcan be happy with? Espeically when tgeDoes she want flower, concentrates or edibles? What kind of pain is it and how bad? THC and CBD work together to manage most pain. They do work individually but they work better when used together. My girlfriend uses 1:1 ratio for abdominal and stomach pain and she uses a mixture of candies made by ChefTreats and CBD/THC products off National CompaI've found Shamrock is good for potency. Togo has some really nice buds out there too. Sky High budget QP hits the spot as well. I find their budget bud isnt as terpy or pretty as HSP but its around the same potency for less price i find. JJMeds has some really good deals on bud too, not just their $99 ounces but most of their ounces between $200-$Well, bring on the downvotes, but here we go... i personally do not find their flower to be as potent as other places. It smells great, it tastes great but for $200+ an ounce i shouldn't have to smoke half a gram just to get high. Their customer service is fantastic and if your looking for some well grown, tasty, terpy buds then they are a good choI agree so hard with this. I've been looking for posts back from Christmas about bunk batches of bud from different MoMs to back up what I'm saying and they've all been deleted so anyone who was not here when the shit went down assumes I'm a liar or a shill. KEEP YOUR COMPLAINTS UP Y'ALL. Just because they fix their shit for a month or six doesnt mThat's true and to be fair i have seen some straight fire come from CWF as well, to the point I've seriously considered ordering off them, if not for what i had seen around the holidays. I'm not trying to sway anyone to one MoM or another but i do think people should have all the info before they decide. If OP wants to get CWF all the power too himSee this is information i like to have. Im not advocating for any MoM just speaking to my own experience and what i have seen. Was it their top tier bud that came as a mid or was it their budget bud section? And it defintely falls on both grower and MoM. If you get a less than nice batch od stuff thata usually $260 an o just drop the price a bit anWord man i get that. I mean if you've had good luck then stick with em. I've been on this Subreddit for a few years now and im pretty particular about my bud, i started smoking weed in The Netherlands so i tend to hold everyone to their standard. We work hard for our money and i wont just give it away to anyone. I appreciate you discussing this insI'm not trying to be rude but i saw about 25 people get bunk ass weed for $120-$140 for a half O. It's going to take a lot more than the word of one person or even a clean 6 month history of not cheating your customers for me to trust them again. Especially since less than 3 weeks ago people were paying $260+ for the XOLBG shake and popcorn. Not acHonestly he's going to scam you out of your money again. This isn't a solution its a way for him to save face with the people on here who keep falling for shit like this. People here are so guilable and they fall for the same old bullshit again and again. CWF and DHOMedicinal are two PRIME examples of MoMs with a history of shady business practicesSo you have time to comment on reddit posts but people are still waiting for a status update on their missing weed? You should be updating everyone who lost money daily on whats happening, espeically if you dont want peoole thinking you are exit scamming them. I personally didn't lose anything but you better believe if i did i would want daily updaThis fuckin dude is all over the place man, his comment about how people dont buy bulk to smoke to themselves. Like buddy we get a QP every month to smoke and we dont sell any of it so that argument is invalid. And weed doesnt need to be a schdule 1 drug in order for the illegal purchase of it to be Black Market, the fact its now a legal substance CWF has a sketchy history i honestly dont know why people still support them. They've ripped people off multiple times selling Mids for like $260 an ounce. Go with KC i haven't seen any serious issues with them, i personally have ordered from KC myself 3 times but i fins the bud isn't as potent as i would have liked for the price I paid. KC has greYeah that's what I mean like 7 years of buying from MoMs and street dealers after i moved back to Canada and i never had this issue until i started buying legal LP bud, I've gotten brown leaves/bud 4 seperate times from 3 different LP's all within the span of about 2 weeks. I have since quit supporting the legal market all together and i just got aThis is not fine dud3 anywhere else there is a legal market this shit would not fly. I lived in the netherlands for 3 years and I've been to California and seen how both places do legal bud, neither of those markets would even think about putting out crap that looks like that. In ten years of buying legally and illegally I've never seen shit like turl
That is the cannabis i purchased it cost me $35, they didnt even send a giftcard totalling the entire amount i lost on their product. Then they dismissed me in the letter claiming they found nothing wrong with their product, okay guys i have mutiple pictures and i offered to send back the bud. They also told me they would be sending me some CanHonesty dude your a fucking idiot i literally know people whove been sued using Toreent clients to download copyrighted materials. Music, Movies and Porn it doesn't matter how you download it there is always a chance of gettinf caught if you dont protect yourself. Soery but when millions of people use this service and it works im not gonna listen tCWF is overhyped af, pretty sure they got caught ripping people off a while back. Selling mids at $260+ an ounce. I'm baffled they are still around in this sub after that fiasco. Sure they get good weed every now and then but when they dont they lie about the quality and rip people off, just look at the dude who paid $150 for a half of XOLBG and heI think i might have to give this a try again, different grower it seems like. I tried this strain around last October when we moved into our house we got it from HSP and i didnt find it to be a strong high at all. Tasted nothing like you describe either. I love a good "need to sit down" sativa so this is goin on the list to try again. Awesome reviMy buddy apparently did the same thing as you and that was 2 years ago. Shit took his life over reallt quick, within 3 months he was smoking meth with the local hookers. Hes been in and out of jail for meth possession and distrubution the past 18 months. Homie was in for 7 months got out for 1 and went right back in and thats where he's been for a I would love to see a 3rd party agency that regulates the LP's. Test their Cannabinoids, terpines, quality of the bud, certified organic and living soil, and everything else. Grade their cannabis and then the agency sets the price the LP is allowed to sell it for and if the LP is doing something shady they are held accountable. It's definitely a piThat's not a good comparison because you can see both apples and strawberries when you buy them. Sure I would have no right to say anything if I was able to see the cannabis before purchase. However that's not the case, it's like buying a bag of fries and when you open them half of them are green or brown and then saying you have no right to complaThat's maybe for people who are not growing, I  looked into a growing license about 3 months ago and the cheapest one I could find was $200 for 25 plants, which even then is way to much, I just wanna grow 4 plants, like everyone else is legally allowed to do now, so I don't have to use Oxy's for my back pain or pay out the nose to MoMs or LP's for I was going to go this route but I believe it's in between $200-$500 a year for a growing license, which is ridiculous when everyone else in Canada can grow 4 plants for no fee. I imagine growing it isn't easy but i grow all kinds of plants in my yard so I really can't wait until I can start growing weed, I've even got a shed to convert once they cThat's where I get 90% of my bud it's dope as hell, been ordering off MOM's for six years now. However I do enjoy taking a walk down to the local cannabis store and buying something legal to try every now and then. Its never been stellar weed but it's not the worst bud I've had, expensive yeah but it's the novelty of being able to buy legal weed, sI have tons of places I can order from, it's just nice to be able to walk 20mins to the weed store and back, reminds me of living in Amsterdam again. I don't mind paying for Broken Coast or Vertical every now and then especially when I don't want to wait 3-5 days for Canada Post to get my parcel to me. Definitely will just be waiting the 3 days nowHave you ever seen an adult or teen who got circumcised? That's cruel. They're in agonizing pain for weeks. Telling people they're a criminal because they thought they were doing the right thing for their kid is fucking ridiculous, give your head a shake dude. Nobody circumcised their kid to be mean, most people do it because they think it has healI only included the largest one in the picture the rest was mixed into shake or it was on the outside of the buds so I just picked it off and tossed it. It's not large no, however, still not acceptable for legal cannabis in my opinion. I used to buy online for years and I never once got any sugar leaves, brown or otherwise, nor would brown leaves lNo I can't get in that way either and the stupid company keeps telling me the same shit over and over again. They keep blaming server lag but I've attempted to open the game over 162 times and each time it crashes no matter what I do, I've shut off all internet, just the wifi, just the data, then I uninstalled the app to see if that would work. NotSo I'm new to the game but I just started a clan and I bought the starter pack with my Google play credits and the game is literally unplayable, I can't do raids, I can't spend diamonds, I can't watch ads for rewards, can't collect daily gift and I can't prestige. Is this normal for an update? I sent in a service ticket but I didn't get a helpful r