Black Man in the 70s, Ron Stallworth (still alive today), joins the local Klan by calling using a white voice and goes all the way to calling David Duke, grand wizard of KKK or something, they all still don’t know he’s a black man. His partner played by Kylo Ren is the one who goes to Klan meetings in the place of Ron Stallworth. 

It’s a great movNauseating, but necessary. It costs too much to audit and keep track of who deserves what. A check in the mail is America’s greatest talent. 

A Value Added Tax of 10%, you can think of it like a sales tax, funds a bulk of UBI, and it ensures that those who spend more (the rich) will get taxed more on their spending than the poor do, offsetting theThat’s actually a good thing. For you, you’re working less to play more video games, nobody should give a fuck what you do with your time. For others, they’re working less to study more, working less and staying at home with their kids more, in which studies show that time spent with parents show better outcomes and opportunity for children’s futurIt’s ironic because it’s a criticism on the tendency for liberal opinions to be plastered over all of the front page and rarely from the other side. However, it’s not like right wing opinions are bastions of objectivity (which they really try hard to portray themselves as) and chock full of propaganda.

What I’m trying to say is, I’m gonna pull an You serious bro? Swole culture? Bodybuilding, powerlifting, gym and fitness, sports, martial arts, physical activity culture aren't empowering as well? Because all of them share a community of discipline, self empowerment, pushing the limits of the human body, pushing one's own potential, in essence: looking good. These are all empowerment. Most of&gt; The women who do this eventually end up psychological messes when this reality hits them, because for their whole life, they’ve been told and believed that their looks were the most important thing in their lives

Aren't you yet again telling women what is and isn't right, this and that, essentially more patronizing?

I'm not sure what you saiI'd agree with the other guy about women being liberated when they are in control of their body, control of what they have, control of earning from their own body. The sex industry is nothing new, it's probably the oldest business in human history, but probably for just as long as it has existed, women have never been in control. There's pimps, traQuestion, do you really think women and "female empowerment" are the ones pushing incest and rape porn to the main page of porn hub, or is it sleazy men running the porn sites that churn out these fetish scenarios and enable a whole decade of these fetish popularity. All of these weird ass fetishes, they're not made or pushed by even the craziest fAsian baby girl

A hot girl asian. Kind of like an asian gangster/ricer groupie, except there’s not many real asian gangsters out here. Sorority asian girls. Heavy makeup, dyed blonde hair, falsies, revealing clothes, tube tops, drinks a lot of alc, clubs, rolls at edm festivals, drinks boba everyday, spot them a mile away glowing red at concert enI’m an Indo living in the US. I honestly just get a little jealous/ticked off that Malaysia gets all the credit and limelight whenever some Indo/Malay food is talked about. Everybody knows about Malaysia here, sort of. But nobody knows a single thing about Indonesia. Maybe Bali, but in the least explorative cultural and national context, it might aTech literate, living in France, Polish, learning German. You’ve been using tech for a long time so you have a knack for nostalgia (dead trigger, blue marble, you probably miss your old iPod Touch), yet conscious enough to be a little more secure than average (protonmail). Dabble a little in stocks, you never open reuters. Have a sense to be styliscopypaste:

I guess I'm pretty good at applying glass screen protectors in the first try? Anyways I got two extra screen protectors that I don't really need, I'll mail one to you for like $2. 2 for $3 special maybe? But I prefer giving two people safe screens. You'll get a set of alignment stickers and "Professional Screen Cleaning Paper" (Two StagI guess I'm pretty good at applying glass screen protectors in the first try? Anyways I got two extra screen protectors that I don't really need, I'll mail one to you for like $2. 2 for $3 special maybe? But I prefer giving two people safe screens. You'll get a set of alignment stickers and "Professional Screen Cleaning Paper" (Two Stages!)

It's lRinse twice, no more than that, fill pot up to finger line, slap it in the cooker. Stickiness usually isn’t a concern, but usually it’s a range from dry to mushy. If it’s too mushy, just adjust by using a little less water, if too dry, just adjust by adding a little more water on the next batch.

Maybe it does depend on what type of rice, but I onlSure, but you're telling people to teach themselves financial literacy online, because everything you need to know is online. It's the same thing with math. I'm a math tutor myself and I think I'm good at teaching math to people, but I find myself looking up online calculators to solve problems and equations because it's easier. People can easily fFor what it does, it does it pretty well in such an affordable price and small form factor. Keep in mind it can do such thing with such a relatively small camera body and length because it has a sensor almost the same size as an iPhone camera. Therefore compared to a big boy full frame sensor interchangeable lens camera in which the body itself is *Long ago, the quadratic formula lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when negative b attacked. Only the transcendental centrist, master of all four intro to calculus classes, could stop them, but when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years passed and my brother and I discovered the new enlightened one, an Indian namNot sure how it relates to freedom of speech, or affording Nazis of freedom of speech. Because the poem doesn’t even attack fascist speech. It’s just about being bystanders on atrocities to people who you don’t relate to. It can even be an attack on Liberals like the white liberals MLK talks about who aren’t pressed enough to do anything and worry Okay. That’s fair. There is a difference between the powerlifters lifting more than 3 plates and the normal deadlifter who aren’t lifting quite as heavy. I’d say that the kid in the video is just normal powerlifting, nothing outrageous. I can concede that average deadlifters wouldn’t be as loud, but what I’m trying to say is that average deadliftinLOL. dawg this isn't the 60s anymore. The kid did nothing wrong and everything right. If for some reason the gym actually outright banned deadlifts, it's understandable but the kid lifted with good form, normal lowering of the bar, and even had the sense of courtesy of using mats, which are already on top of rubber floors with rubber plates. He's nThis is only tangentially related but people in this thread need to watch [this video](url), which asks the question "*Can you accurately represent a culture you are not part of?*"

This video by Jamie Windsor regarding street photography and class/culture representation but I think there's some wisdom to be learned and applied when thinking about Do RAW+JPG. If u wanna make it easy, you can put two SD Cards in the body and one SD card will have the RAW and the other JPG. The JPG's are REALLY good with the film simulation profiles. Easy for sharing and for you to stick to just learning about composition, and exposure settings. Honestly, auto settings are pretty dope itself, like autofocus, a"No one will want to work anymore" is false. No one will have to work to survive anymore. When you have your life tied to a paycheck and healthcare tied to a job, people are obviously obligated to work to just live. People won't quit their job over 1200. They'll breathe a little better with it though. And probably all of the people advocating UBI wHow the fuck do you think 0 follower normies on reddit get 100k upboats? Did people just find out about twitter yesterday? Any sides tweets can blow up because there’s millions of people that agree with their view. There’s an echo chamber for everybody. How do you think the least popular potus DJT keep getting 200k likes every hour on “liberal infeI don’t believe that any of these people are actually looking to cause harm to a race outside their own. There’s been a lot of threats by some of these “rednecks” that any BLM protests in their town will be met with open carriers standing guard. Theres been coverage of white people open carrying, standing on the sidelines as protestors walk past. NThey’re not all asian. You could just relate them to their closest reality cultural relative. Fire Nation is heavily Japanese, Earth Kingdom Chinese, Air Nomads Tibetan, Water Tribes Inuit.

But there’s also interesting ones like the Sun Warriors looking very Mayan, and Rough Rhinos with general Native American stereotypical costumes. Sand Benders Never said anything about being Christian made him good. At least the guy has a conscience to try to be good. Never even invoked a “no true scotsman”. I’m a Christian and I know it gives me no additional “good” points to my character. And I don’t for a second believe that Christians are good. The whole point of Christianity is that people aren’t goWell not really. I like the guy, and side with on this one. But I gotta say, despite these cases where the girls may be false accusers, I don’t really like the thought of scaring actual rape victims for speaking out against celebrities.

I mean I hope that Justin has never raped or sexually assaulted anyone in his life and he’s clean, but I don’t kThey don't brother!

Dude. Satellites don't make "left turns". They just go straight, Fast. In what direction? Forward, Parallel to the ground underneath them. If they're going parallel to the ground, what do we need to know? We need to know how fast it should go forward. If you throw a baseball from ISS height at 100 mph, it will go a certain horiI personally hope not. I like that OS X to Mac OS has been a continuation of the same operating system, compared to radical generational hard resets like Windows XP/7/10. Ironically akin to continuous generation PC gaming vs. distinct generation console (PS1/PS2/PS3/PS4) gaming. 

Now Big Sur or the one after that might be Apple's next radical geneHa. Get your head out of your ass. You’re not wrong. You expect people to defend themselves if provoked. But that’s the point. The cops can do anything they want to you and you can’t do anything but stick your ass out and get reamed hard and accept it. People get beat up, arrested, and MURDERED just by cops doing their will. Fuck all that gang vs gYou’re absolutely correct but it’s basically you want the 1k check or nah? He just tries to make it a simple 1k check and not means testing or partial amount checks. 

If you already get more than 1k congrats, but you’re not getting an extra 1k on top of that, unless you want the 1k check instead. Except if you have disabilities, Social Security, oEven then, there’s an inherent colorism in each race and ethnicity that has to be addressed. Theres this dynamic where lighter skinned black people/ asian people/ hispanic people are essentially overrepresent and seen as “more beautiful” in each culture that has its own implications and problems that most people haven’t really realized yet. This isIt’s why the movie is my favorite Marvel movie ever. A lot of people will disagree with my opinion. There was something different about it. There was a soul to it, it didn’t feel cheap and lifeless like I perceive the Avengers movies to be. It felt more human and more grounded to reality despite the fantasy of Wakanda.

I think you’ll understand thI get a little nervous whenever I go to a concert or a festival like concert and they just decide to make the entrance security line faster and just let everyone in. It really shouldn’t be this way that I’d be nervous instead of satisfied that the line is faster. And it’s not a overly sensitive thing, it’s literally just being aware of the reality NAS doesn’t require wifi, but it usually is patched through a router. But I believe you could just plug it in to your computer and configure it through network settings.

At the moment, I think you’re fine to get a large enough external hard drive just to relieve space on your devices. But think down the line in 1 or 2 years to either backup your dOkay now that you mention it. This will be an even bigger expense, but consider a NAS (Network Attached Storage). Having multiple drives in RAID makes your read and write speed faster, and safety of your data through redundancy. You don’t want to put all your eggs in one basket. I think it’s something you should consider. Let me know if you have anHonestly I was in the same boat and I'm still waiting for my X-T4 to arrive from B&amp;H. There's a couple of things that sold me on the Fuji X line that I keep hearing from reviewers. One, it made shooting fun for them. It made them want to make more pictures. Second, they always ended up taking their Fuji along with them instead of their full fra&gt;Anyone who supports that immediately loses any credibility in my mind for many reasons. 

Can we stop using this, honestly. I think that no matter what hotly debated subject it is, it stops all conversations and ideas one can learn if you give someone a chance to elaborate and give supporting arguments and data for why they believe in that ideaA credit card is good for security purposes. Rewards are icing on the cake. I use a credit card as a buffer between my cold hard cash and businesses. Why? Because it's the bank's money and they're like your mom that you can call on when someone is bullying you. Do not use more than the money you have in the bank. Pay it off before the statement day&gt;I must make two honest confessions to you, my Christian and Jewish brothers. First, I must confess that over the past few years I have been gravely disappointed with the white moderate. I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Counciler or theWell, on S4P and variant subreddit’s? You’re not as free to have debate and disagreements on there. Back before the primaries began, you couldn’t even mention one democratic candidates name without being removed or post removed. It was quite difficult to have productive discourse on comparing candidates in the Bernie subs. You had a much better expincorrect. It's a maturity and effort into being aware of what you are saying. It's not a cover for a hidden contradictory personality. Not sure what the hell "aggressive political correctness" is, and I'd understand your sentiment if that overly pc person is constantly calling out others, but theres no such thing self-destructive political correctI think that people must realize that him "shaming" everyone else for not saying anything pales so much in comparison to the black and minority experience, and Lewis's own experience as a young man in this all-white sport. Surely you all can take it, and not take it too personally. Not that I am dismissive of people's feelings because of the comparYou must realize that more and more evidence is showing up that black protestors do not want their peaceful protests to devolve into looting and rioting. There’s a lot of non-black people derailing and delegitimizing BLM by vandalizing stores, smashing windows, looting, etc. and which will all in the end be pinned on black people. Also police are iWhere did I say ask more politely? All I’m saying is don’t beat the shit out of kids or people you’ve already controlled, like kneeling your entire bodyweight on their neck, nor tell them to get their hands up, but also ask to turn off their car, but keep your hands up or else I’ll shoot you.

The rules of engagement are stricter in warzones. You’rHow about actually carrying out what you and everyone believes police should do, which is disappointingly idealistic, but without having to beat the shit out of people, pulling a weapon on them or shooting them because of how these heroic and tough upstanding citizens called cops need to be ensured that they won't die. Yes in this world, citizens cYou have to break out of the mentality that Apple is cynically selling compromised tech, hardware and software. Fanboys have never been a problem. The only problem are with the haters. Apple makes great quality products that last incredibly long, age really well, and has great resale value. All their products are designed with great optimization anAll of your problems in the last three paragraphs are incredible non issues with the “techies”. Nobody who upgrades their ssd drives on their Macs care about PITA. If they replaced the HDD if their model was that old, SSD over USB is still a dozen times faster than HDD. Nobody buys replacement HDD’s on any iMacs. Yes you can stick a normal “wow supApple really isn’t seen as planned obsolescence now. After the whole battery controversy and throttling with aging battery stuff, they’ve done a lot right with their battery replacement stuff. Their products are built to last. Incredibly long software support, updates supporting 6 generations past in phones, almost double that with Macs. Pretty mucNone of these are asshole design. Oh your cables got fucked up after wear and tear? Asshole fucking design? They have their own ports that’s which they always include a cable or dongle for, and in the case of lightning, has a usb in the other end because that’s literally 90% of every computer data transfer/phone charging form? Asshole design? No auLightning ports and connectors are tanks. The actual things themselves are whats touted as very durable and robust. Cables are a different story, any cable can have the potential to be shitty and make stronger. I’ve had so many broken and bent micro USB connectors, damaged female connrctors and pins. Also how dumbfounding it is that USB C is designDo you think you’re smarter for not using an apple OS? Do you have any idea why Apple’s OSes are still so popular and well touted? Because it’s good. It works. It’s efficient. It’s powerful. It isn’t buggy as shit, and it’s quality. There’s reasons why people are brand loyal to apple, and sure every Apple user is aware of the walled garden and awarSo.. you want uniform usb c standard for all laptops, conformity of charging standard.. but it’s still their fault and bad design choice to leave out magsafe, although people are complaining that magsafe is proprietary, so they switched to usb c, now they should’ve kept the proprietary magsafe port, because having only universal usb-c ports (4) areIt’s not just about what the average gamer cares about. There may be performance implications, thermals, cooling, size, efficiency, etc. with new technology. An entirely new form factor may take 5 years to be the majority, but should that stop us from progress? Nothing fundamentally changed with desktops for the past 25 years and sure it might not I think the quality is pretty consistent. There has been occasions where the innout burger hit so right that it took me aback like yo, this hit different.

But sorry I absolutely cannot believe that whataburger has better quality ingredients/fresh everything. Not sure if it was a fluke but it was just mediocre Carl’s Jr. level when I tried it in HoDiscover Student card, Capital One Platinum is easy to get as a first credit card. Get one or two if you can, wait a year or two and start looking for better cards for cashback rewards. In a few years once you have several credit cards with exceptional payment history and low credit usage percentage, your credit score gets to the high 700's easily.The artist themselves probably paint at a much higher level than this and have their own style of painting that isn't cliche and simple as this. I saw this as just a DIY video for people who don't have previous painting experience to follow along, or to just watch for satisfaction.

I don't care at all for the art style, but this video did calm me that's tough, but in much the same way that Chargers are treated as "outsiders" to Los Angeles or the "little brother" team in LA, Angels and Clippers also have that reputation. Dodgers are solidly the most popular baseball team in southern California and their base is huge and are highly successful, as well as the Lakers, but I don't root for themWouldn’t the next step be in improving input? Outside of VR, I think that there is so much to improve with the standard game controller. What I thought of when you said characters running to stopping, I immediately thought that game controllers could have force feedback/resistance joysticks that improves the feel and experience of moving in third p