She not only had two arrows in her back before giving her "prophecy", but she was also clearly shot by one of Kaido's men, go reread the chapter and you can see the Beast Pirate preparing his gun. As a result, she collapsed in front of everyone and died. Then the people of Wano call out to her, confirming that they just saw her die in front of themLol, I mean, I personally have no issue whatsoever if Yamato next chapter were to outright say he's a girl again.

But for now, what I do know is that the character themselves said they're a man, that they're Kaido's son. Kaido and the Beast Pirates go along with it as well, and yes, they know what Yamato looks like without his mask. And lastly, th&gt;Yamato literally identifies to whatever Oden is. My thing is, if Oda wanted the audience to refer to Yamato as a he, he would’ve wrote ‘son’ not ‘daughter’ in Yamato’s introduction box. 

Using this logic, Oda would've done the same for Kiku, yet everyone obviously has begun accepting that she's a woman.

All the box was supposed to do was makeHe was always been underestimated. If you look at his portrayal, the only thing that's ever happened to him is getting blindsided by Law, who is powerful himself and has very tricky abilities, especially for a samurai ignorant about DF abilities.

Outside of that, Kinemon has never been in any real fights, the closest being his torso scaring off BrNot everything needs blatant foreshadowing. We're in the Onigashima portion of the arc with a character that's literally unable to leave it, it's no surprise that we're only hearing about them now. 

Even if you personally would've liked some buildup, that in no way means the character is forced. Especially when you look at stuff like Ace or Oden'sI tell this people this a lot since Yamato was introduced. Katakuri was the exact same thing, where Oda took his sweet time introducing the character. Then all of a sudden he ended up as Luffy's main fight despite no prior buildup before that.

Yamato is this arc's Katakuri in a sense. Just like how Katakuri gets introduced during the tea party secYou are absolutely in the minority on that if you think no characters whatsoever will help fight Kaido for the entire fight. If by 1v1 you mean that it'll start out as a group fight, but eventually end with just Luffy fighting Kaido, like what happened with Doffy, then sure, that could happen. If that's not what you meant, then yikes.

Regardless, &gt;Carrot has literally no connection to Luffy outside like one gag when going to WCI and one gag in the Seducing Woods. She feels way more like an outsider than Momo who's had several crucial moments to his character tied to the crew's involvement in the story, and also had his own gags like Carrot. 

You said the whole crew, not just Luffy. 

EiFishman Island. The themes and the Fisher Tiger flashback are 10/10. And despite people not caring for Hody being intentionally weak, he is easily one of the most memorable villains in the series due to how scarily real his mindset is compared to the others. That there are people out there in real life like him, that learn to hate others for how thThe most important thing by far to be included in is the big reunion with Jinbe as far as I'm concerned. The only thing her not being part of the action means is that isn't settled right then and there that she's joining. It's still up in the air.

In later chapters, we also have her stick with the Strawhats despite having more than enough justificIt's literally in his introduction. He's introduced as a character that allegedly cannot die, making a big fuss of that. They confirm that capturing him apparently doesn't work, so doing it again by the end of this arc seems underwhelming, that it's not really changing the status quo. The character himself literally has suicide as a hobby.

Compari&gt;Again, people should be able to think there's a whole story behind the "son" thing. Like, Kaido and the beast pirates calls her son, so it must be true!

I mean Yamato told us the story. It can be expanded upon, but we already know why he views himself that way.

And I love how there's no winning with y'all. If people point out that Yamato viewWell yea, because that's not his name. But just like the last few chapters, we're seeing continued evidence that Oda wants us to view Yamato as Kaido's son, not daughter. This latest chapter where Luffy nicknames them shows us that he has no issue with this, unlike many in the fandom...

It's funny, really. Yamato sees himself as a man. So does Kai&gt;Last chapter he talks about how he doesn't give a shit about all this Kuroizumi/Kozuki stuff, but now he's totally prepared to continue Momonosuke's execution anyways? 

Not sure what's contradictory? He says he doesn't give a shit what either clan wants. Now he's using Momo's execution as a way to usher in the new age for the country.

He even&gt;The way I see it, every single Conquerors user we’ve seen is either the undisputed leader of their own group (the Yonko, Roger, Luffy, Hancock, Kid, Chinjao, Sengoku, Doflamingo) or a direct subordinate of someone who could be defined as a “Conqueror among Conquerors,” as in someone with such a kingly disposition that even those with ConquerorsAgain, if Katakuri can have it, so can Garp. You have to twist your own logic to justify why Katakuri has it despite being the #2 of the crew, as well as him showing no evidence of wanting to usurp Big Mom.

Meanwhile Garp is a much more legendary figure in comparison, with at least one relative (Dragon is also highly likely to have it) that has Co&gt;Remember the scene where he’s in the boiling bath and it feels cold to him, while it scorched another person? Dude may very well be strong and just lack the constitution.

Lmao you completely misinterpreted that scene. He is completely terrified of the Scabbards coming back, to the point where he"s shivering about it so badly that the water doe&gt;in fact it’s you zoro haters that bring up “zoro will beat kaido” more than the actual fanboys you claim exist

That's definitely not true. And are you really arguing Zoro has no stans/fanboys? Many One Piece characters do, and Zoro is definitely no exception.

&gt;but at this point you’re just making up imaginary enemies

This doesn't make any&gt;Does this mean that Yamato is Kaido's and BM's daughter?

Maybe.

&gt;Also, is it just a coincidence that BM stands for both Big Mom and Black Maria? 

Yes.

&gt;And looking at the photo in which the flying six were all sitting together, Black Maria seemed to be bigger than everyone else. Is she from some different tribe?

She's either simply a&gt;Im saying they shouldnt put themselves in that position

They literally have no choice, that's the only way that they're aware of for entering Wano.

So unless you want them to fight physics, their ship is always going to have a brief moment where it's completely vulnerable. With that in mind, I never saw the point in nitpicking this, especiallIt was the chapter where the Strawhats fought Big Mom on board the Sunny. Not exactly a hard thing to remember. If I knew my good memory would upset you that much, I would've just said that instead in order to avoid this weird discussion.

Anyways, continue to deflect if you want. Unlike you who claims to be done with this, I actually am, so I'll eYou should really reread that chapter, and look at how the ship was positioned. Saying they should just magically be able to defend against anything in that angle is just silly. The characters aren't even positioned in a way where I could reasonably call them out for that.

&gt;I mean, it is kind of dumb how they didnt even consider a counter measuThere has clearly been both present within the arc. It comes and goes because sometimes the alliance has the advantage, and sometimes Kaido's crew has it. Currently the alliance has the advantage as they've snuck onto Onigashima with Kaido being unaware of no one other than the Supernova. And even then he currently doesn't really care, because lol,King is more than powerful to justify achieving something as simple as pushing off a ship. Not to mention they were literally at their most vulnerable as King quickly swooped in right as the ship was in midair. It's not like King attacked them as they were still climbing the waterfall.

They, along with the (massive) ship, were at the perfect angle&gt;
Sure Momo is captured right now but is anything going to happen to him?

&gt;Sure nami, and carrot are captured right now, but will anything happen to them? 

Stuff like this isn't unique to One Piece. There's always a basic level of plot armor certain characters will get. If you go all Akame Ga Kill with everyone, then you'll have no one leftThis is both jumping the gun and also ignoring there were multiple moments in the previous two acts where there was clear tension, hence why the alliance had to repeatedly hide away for the past 2 weeks.

At the same time, by now you should understand that One Piece has always operated as a series where levity can be injected into any moment. Like He has his lasers. Coup de Vent. Can shoot missiles and bullets. He can even breathe fire. And of course, there's no confirmation he doesn't have anything else hidden away that he has yet to use. Not to mention as an inventor he could easily create other weapons. He even said he would back in Zou. 

So trying to dismiss all of that as saying Franky&gt;The birdcage is my only real problem with dressrosa as there is no reason besides plot why top tiers like Zoro, Fujitora, Don Chinjao could not make a single cut on a single string

I mean, Zoro just couldn't cut it, don't know what else to tell you. At best I agree that it could've been made more clear that Zoro wasn't up to the task. Like may&gt;I mean, he shouldn't need it

What type of logic is this? 

&gt;He already had geppou to walk in the air and haki for defense.

Exactly, the raid suit boosts his stats further without actually changing his fighting style....

&gt;I hope Usopp removes all the rest from his suit except for the invisibility.

Then what's the point lmfao? Why wouldZoro's too weak and is not the main character. It wasn't Sabo's fight, and Luffy handled it anyways. 

And you must've not have been paying much attention, as the arc practically beats over your head that Fujitora willingly did not deal with Doffy on his own, as all that would do is allow the Marines to save face. That's why he did stuff like mess As others pointed out, Ace/Akainu/Oven have enough differences between them.

And stuff like Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine's fruits being more or less copied in Dressrosa was clearly an intentional parallel. The arc itself was a parallel to the Alabasta arc, right down to its antagonists. So I think faulting that as Oda being redundant or repetitive is &gt;I wouldn't say it's his arc because every arc is Luffy's arc

You know what I meant. Luffy's the main character obviously, but every now and then Oda will write an arc that's centered around another Strawhat.

Enies Lobby doesn't happen without Robin. WCI only happened because of Sanji and his past. And so on. You look at Wano and tell me if taI mean there's a middle ground, ya know?

You can love and appreciate how this is probably the best One Piece has been animated since the series started, but also criticize the excessive auras.

Definitely did not ruin the fight for me, it was hype as fuck. But I look back at stuff like Luffy vs. Kaido, and I get why Luffy looking all Super Saiyan It's still a dumb comparison. That's such a basic personality traits that using that as a jumping off point to say they're the Boruto version of Shanks' crew makes no sense if you give any real thought into it.

Your edit in the OP also doesn't make sense, as the Strawhats are the main characters we grew up with, not Shanks' crew. Not to mention LuThis is a nonsensical comparison for several reasons:

1. We've barely seen anything from Shanks' crew to say the Strawhats are a parallel to them, much less say they're literally the Boruto version of them.

2. If anything, you'd compare them to the Roger Pirates, not Shanks' crew.

3. Either comparison regardless falls flat anyhow. For Shanks' cr&gt;I’m sorry obvious hints that Wano is an arc where Zoro is most likely to get post-time skip character development went over your head

I mean, that still wouldn't make it his arc... Again, you can some shine, some relevancy, and have it still not be "your arc". Wano simply isn't that for Zoro.

&gt;Being able to notice stuff like that and see i&gt;It’s heavily hinted

Stopping reading there. Wanting/expecting Zoro to shine this arc is not the same as the arc being hyped as a "Zoro arc". At no point has Oda or his editors ever framed the arc as being this. Assuming that it is because of Wano being samurai land doesn't change that fact.

He will absolutely do some hype shit, but this is clAbsolutely not. You'd be missing out on a metric ton of content. One Piece is also a series that is very good in regards to worldbuilding and bringing back earlier concepts and characters, so you'd be completely lost. Not to mention you'd also miss on some of the best arcs in the series.

Just read the manga or something if the anime is a struggle &gt;Well clearly spelled out would be the black coating of armament haki which I definitely didn't see. But again I could very well be wrong here cause well luffy had to win that battle and not only that battle but also their hearts in order to progress with that story

Reread the arc, it outright states that all of the Kuja Pirates have Haki.

&gt&gt;Well there must be some plot barrier for the crew in order for the show to run. I mean that's why they don't die. 

Plot armor is one thing for something like the crew versus a Logia user, especially an admiral. 

They don't need it for everyone.

&gt;And in dressrosa it is pretty clear that some of the base level marine soldiers know how to us&gt;Now I see what your point is. He did use his conqueror's haki but it didn't knock them out

Exactly, it only works on fodder.

&gt;Now I watched the whole fight and it's pretty clear that even if they know how to use haki they did not use it in this fight

Except they clearly did. Both Observation and Armament Haki. It was very clearly spelled &gt;im not saying Yamato should join without a profession, im just pointing out that some peeps are too quick to rule out potential recruits, just because they can't imagine them in a profession on the ship when not everyone on the ship has equally important jobs

It's a valid argument. Each new member has a clear role they can do. It has been likeYea, they're not the same.

HOWEVER, Oda is the kind of author that would have no issue "stealing" from what the Hydra could do and giving some of those abilities to Orochi's DF. As long as it fits a general motif, he's fine with it.

So while people are wrong in saying that Orochi has a Hydra DF, it's entirely possible that they may be technically&gt;Zoro hurting Kaido? Maybe. Zoro permanently scarring Kaido? Less likely, but not impossible. Zoro taking down Kaido? Extremely unlikely. Zoro slaying Kaido? Unreasonable. 

Bingo. 

Want to argue he could injure or potentially scar Kaido? That's fair, the setup is there due to Enma.

But anyone that thinks he'll defeat/finish off/kill Kaido los&gt;What does the reason matter?

What's the point of calling something a parallel if the reasoning/logic behind it doesn't really match? Not to mention Luffy is the parallel for Roger, not whiteb, so I don't see how you're possibly connecting this to Whitebeard to begin with.

&gt;Besides we cant even interpret luffys reason yet.

Whitebeard's reaKing silently giving Kaido his sword to kill Orochi with is such a small detail, yet I really fucking love it for some reason.

Yamato has now indeed seemingly skyrocketed in regards to joining the crew. Though I did find it fascinating that Luffy technically rejected them, at least for now. The way that it happened made me wonder if Oda's setting &gt;Not to get too power level-obsessed here, but if Luffy breaking the chains is an impressive feat to Yamato who kind of one-shotted Ulti, I can't help but feel like the Ronpo aren't going to be strong enough to be that relevant going forward. 

Weird thing to say when Luffy only got the strength to break them like a week ago. Of course Yamato wo&gt;I'm not saying it isn't justified. I'm just saying that an Elbaf arc doesn't have to happen.

It will happen though, solely because of Usopp's desire to go there. It is the last notable place that's been name-dropped that isn't like Laugh Tale or whatever. You keep trying to frame it as a fan thing when Oda's given more than enough hints to makIt would make no sense not to have one.

&gt;Right now, I'd say Elbaf is more fan expectation than anything. Usopp and Luffy mentioned wanting to go back in Little Garden as well Usopp in Enies Lobby and that's it.

Lol what?

First off, Usopp mentioning twice that he explicitly wants to go there, where it's basically one of his dreams, is more thaKaido's has a lot of potential, but idk if it can top stuff like Oden sacrificing himself for the Scabbards, or Roger's laugh. Though with Yamato existing, there's even more intrigue than there was before.

One thing I will say is that Kaido has the advantage of being a complete unknown, as opposed to the Oden flashback where we learned a lot of deSabo has the potential to be far more interesting than Ace once we actually explore the Revolutionaries in-depth. He is our window into their group, and unlike Ace, is presumably not created with the intention of killing him off. As a result, having a brother that is more "active" in the story due to wanting to make the world a better place in someMaybe?

Perospero is weird. He has a higher bounty than Snack and is therefore more infamous, but we don't know exactly why he didn't become a Sweet Commander. For all we know he never really cared about the position, as it's not like it really affects his status within the crew due to being the eldest.

I know that the counterargument would be thaAt no point has Carrot been characterized/foreshadowed as someone capable and/or willing to form her own crew. Neither has she ever once displayed a reluctance to serve under someone else.

I find it amusing that people acknowledge that she does want to set sail, but then ignore that she has almost no sailing experience, or routinely takes orders f&gt;Sabo without any mention of him until the very minute he shows up.

He was subtly foreshadowed through Ace's tattoo, as well as months in advance before his introduction in the Marineford saga.

He wasn't explicitly name-dropped, but Oda didn't just randomly came up with the character at the last minute either.

&gt;There’s even an episode wherSo? The OP talked about what the Supernova are up to, not who's strongest/weakest. Not sure why that's relevant. Same with Urouge. Him defeating Snack is both unexpected and impressive, but it doesn't change the fact that for now he's the only Supernova without a known subplot in the works.

It's not even a criticism, just something that's been poiIt can be both, we've literally seen it before. The only thing is that there's no way to prove it either way in a black and white manga unless the characters directly comment that a character(s) is using CoC in that moment.

Regardless, you're entirely missing the point, in that there is no evidence that suggests Oden learned CoC well after obtainiYou're still not understanding, so we'll agree to disagree. I don't expect it to happen at the end of the day.

&gt;That would be Oden I think. In his flashback he uses CoA/CoO mainly but according to Oda he has coc so maybe he unlock it during Rogers voyage(Rayleigh,Roger could have help him).

That's not confirmation. Furthermore, Ashura said he &gt;He probably only trained in armament and observation, as you cannot train to obtain conqueror's. 

My point is that Zoro unlocking CoC well after obtaining CoO and CoA is pretty silly. There's no precedence for this either.

&gt;Luffy's conqueror's arose as a result of him becoming a better leader and having his mettle as a leader tested.

Um, Comparing Future Sight to CoC doesn't make any sense. One is the apex of what you can do with Observation Haki and have to train for, while the other is something you randomly unlock.

Hence why I said that it's not necessarily impossible that Zoro could do this if you really want to be technical about it. But at the same time, if you don't underst&gt;Extreme situations open the door to unlock it ( if dormant) , maybe Zoro has not experimented one extreme enough.

Not always, Luffy's first time using it was just against Duval's bull charging at him.

&gt;Oden seems to first know CoO and CoA and later CoC for example. ( If we see his flashback)

We didn't see him use CoC at all in the flashba