"Forced sex" isn't sex. It's rape. She raped you. Also, becoming sexually aroused is a reaction to stimuli. Even if you aren't emotinoally into it, if someone stimulated your penis long enough, your body will respond just the same as you will feel pain if someone punches you. 

You can report her to the police and possibly file a restraining order.I'm sorry, but that is absolutely absurd. Any normal, rational person would tell their wife "Hey, so I have this friend from high school named Lisa and her boyfriend has left her in the lurch with two kids so I'm going to help her out financially." Not to mention the fact that if she's known this man since college she would have heard of his importConsidering she says she's been with this man since college, that's highly unlikely.

Edit: I actually just saw she said the older child looked about 12-13 and they've been together 9 years. So either this is a troll who forgot her details about them being college sweethearts or else they were just friends in college and didn't get together until tThere's literally no reason to keep photos of a friend and her children password protected. There's no reason anyone would have hundreds of photos of a friend and her children, where they also feature prominently. There's literally no reason to keep photos of a friend and her children secret, nor to never mention said friend or introduce you. The fHe doesn't love you, he's a pedophile and only wants to sexually exploit you. You're a child, and he's an adult. No balanced adult EVER wants to engage in a relationship with a minor like this. Stop talking to him immediately. If you are scared or confused, please feel free to PM me. I know a lot of people can make mean comments on here but you cleFunny you bring up towels because I was hoping to go through towels and linens today. We have SO much it’s crazy. My gf has also been trying to stealthily remove some things too but it feels dishonest for me and I don’t want them to have a bad relationship (there’s been a big clash already) so I want to be careful. Also bc my gf has a history of beI believe there was also a Lassie reboot in the late 80s with an adult Timmy and a new Lassie. The weatherwax animal training family has kept a lineage of collies bred to always have a ‘Lassie’, who are all grandsons of the original Lassie, Pal. I believe for the past 2-3 decades every ‘Lassie’ has also been a therapy dog who visits hospitals and sThe fact you think I’m not rational because I don’t agree with playing Russian roulette with children’s lives and safety is laughable. Average child molesters abuse *multiple* children over the course of their lives. I’ve spent most of my life caring for survivors of sexual abuse, and I’m not at all ashamed of supporting killing any pedos even if t‘I wholly appreciate your offer, it’s very kind. But I would feel much better holding Tommy during the service. Please do not ask again, and especially not during that service.’ And jsut stop it there. If she keeps going tell her thst continuously talking about this or pushing you into it will distress and upset you more, which is presumably the opYou should absolutely not subject yourself to being with a partner who thinks your entire childhood of sexual abuse wasn’t a big deal jsut bc you’re a man and she was a woman. And this wasn’t ‘taken advantage of’. This was ‘serious childhood sexual abuse’. 

I strongly suggest you break up with her and get some therapy. How dare she? Seriously she Also I’ll add here I don’t want her to sound too perfect. We have a few issues just like everyone else but her drinking hasn’t affected anything negatively other than making me nervous. She’s actually the healthiest relationship I’ve been in otherwise. She has PTSD and went through lots of therapy for it. We both consciously try to keep things openShe’s always present, she’s honest, loving, kind, thoughtful, smart, healthy, and been successful in many jobs, including her own small business that as booming before covid. The only times she ever really gets mad are when she wakes up for about the first hour and in reasonably upsetting situations. Other than it bothering me it’s never caused an You need to work on getting over her. Yes, it's painful and understandable you're upset. It takes time to get over heartbreak. But you are going about this very wrong. You seem to be trying to "Get her back". Stop it. She doesn't want you back, she doesn't want to be with you anymore. 

Delete her social media accounts, delete her number. Stop contHave you ever spoken to your parents about this problem? It might be a good idea to get them involved because she is really young, and at this point you trying to sort it out on your own isn't working. Just talk to your parents and say you know things have been rocky in the past but you want to repair it and have a better relationship but aren't suI think that depends on how they are living. Some people who are 20 have been independent for a few years and working. Some people who are 25 have still be living with their parents still working on degrees and having part time jobs. Regardless, I don't think a 25 year old man would be more likely to be an online creep than a 20 year old, and that'Id tell her that under no circumstances would I go on a date with her and her mother. It's one thing if her mom wants to be there when she meets a new person from online...ok, I get it. But after a quick, "Hi, hello! We'll be at X location and Stacy can text you later to check in that she's safe." But even then...not a good idea.

I once dated a giSpeaking as a female dog trainer, you need safety from creeps way more than your dog needs dog ‘friends’. Honestly, dogs don’t even really need friends. But if you really want them you can look into plenty of meet up and Facebook groups or even hang around dog parks to meet people. 

You need to tell his guy hard stop that he’s a married man flirtiOk, I’m not trying to be a dick but here are two things you said—but didn’t want brought up:

-he is a grown man sexually attracted to teenagers 

-he started dating you when you were a teenager

So you started dating a pedophile while you were still a minor and are surprised that he is demonstrating behaviors he has always been a creep. 

Also theI have worked in shelters and people surrendering pets or requesting euthanasia for them to hurt a partner is disturbingly common. I bet she isn’t bluffing. Contact all local animal shelters with your story, dogs’ names and photos and contact info. Get on their social media too as most shelters and rescues post photos of new intakes and dogs for adIf you legally own any of the animals with vet or license records you could claim them as your property and/or fight for them in court. If not, you are shit out of luck because legally a dog is no different than a car or a couch. You can call the local animal control and ask advice, including you are worried about her ability to care about the dogsNo one is calling you a pedophile. But sexual content of anyone under 18 is legally child pornography, and minors have been charged with child porn for having photos like this of similarly aged kids. Please make sure you delete every photo or video like this as it IS very illegal and could get you in trouble even though it’s normal for teens to be This is disturbing and sounds to me as though he is and was being sexually abused and/or exploited by am his sister. She is a full DECADE older than him, and it sounds like she may even be a bit more of a mother figure to him than his mom—which is even more troubling. You say no incest is happening but if she is *taking photos of him masturbating*,Well that’s what being a friend is, you share some things about yourself and get supported and they share things about themselves and get supported as well. It’s a two way street. And if you feel too uncomfortable doing that there are online communities like url that can do a lot of help, especially when you can’t get the proper professional help yUm, no, we all don’t know the difference between right and wrong. This is a 14 year old kid brought up in an abusive Home. They often don’t know right from wrong and need to be taught. Not to mention online therapy costs money she may not have and I doubt it’s legal to treat a minor online w/o parental consent. And obviously she is reaching out in I think you need to try and access some free counseling at your school this fall without your parents knowing. You’ve obviously got a number of trauma and mental health issues you need to work on, and you’re so young to deal with that on your own. You also need to learn to control your temper and not be so vicious to others. Yes, your sister hurt ySounds like you made a massive mistake marrying a jealous, controlling dick who is probably going to become abusive. He already sees you as his property so you either need to tell him this shit needs to stop now and get counseling or you’re leaving him. And yeah, you need to leave him because this is a precursor to again, abusive and life ruining bYour sister sounds like a woman struggling with the massive fallout of childhood sexual abuse and is not only acting out sexually and inappropriately, but still functioning at the level of a child. She needs to be in hardcore therapy and strong boundaries need to be drawn with her. It’s NOT ok to talk to your husband that way or touch him or behaveYou can’t and shouldn’t have let this go on half as long. You need to tell your neighbor this has to stop NOW. This is your dog, not hers and it doesn’t matter if her kids enjoy him. She’s been bulldozing you and taking advantage of you—likely because you’re not one to speak up for yourself due to trauma. Tell her that she is no longer able to ‘borAs a young member of the lgbt community you need to understand that definition of ‘open minded’ never includes ‘accepting a bigoted monster who hate other members of the community so much he thinks it’s an illness and would disown his own child’. He’s a horrible person and you should break up with him immediately. 

Learn some self respect and starI’m a dog trainer and have been involved with dogs since childhood. 

Your boyfriend is an asshole who shouldn’t ever have a Powerful dog breed. He wants them to ‘look bad ass’? Really? Guys like this are the kind of guys who could probably barely handle a cocker spaniel. Does he even know anything about Great Danes? Also, ear cropping is typicallyWtf makes you think you can’t call CPS from a distance? I’ve done it before. You need to call CPS on your abusive sister because if you don’t you are complicit in the abuse of your nieces and nephews. As for your sisters tell them to fuck off and change all your contact information. But if you leave those kids in that situation you are jsut as bad &gt; It could also be inline with your girlfriend changing things without permission and then lying. You can't decide which one without more information.

But that's the thing really. The "changing things without permission" isn't so much what worries me. Because it was kind of nonsensical changes, putting a few things on a different shelf and addiThere's nothing in this that leads me to believe this is a man who is just using you or otherwise talking to lots of other women. Is is possible? Sure. Anything is possible. But really I think this is your low self-esteem--especially since you referenced his ex being "hotter" and "not having a kid", which you seem to think makes you less than. 

DoShe's being a lazy pet owner. She needs to hire a dog trainer. Tell her that her dog is making your life miserable and s/he is obviously suffering emotionally with her gone. Not getting a trainer is akin to not getting a mentally ill child a therapist. 

Honestly you're being WAY more understanding of this and letting her get with way more shit thaI honestly didn't even know there were people who still had a thing against tattoos. Soccer moms have tattoos these days. However *gang* tattoos are another thing. I would imagine most people who've turned their life around would want to get them covered up. And I can understand being uncomfortable with him having a child if you don't like kids, buMost people can't exactly even pinpoint how fetishes started. But regardless I think you're being a little ridiculous. I'm assuming he was under 16 years old at the time. If you're thinking he will leave you over someone he presumably hasn't seen in years simply because she engaged in a fetish with him at an early age then your relationship isn't vYou're being too hard on him. He's a young boy who fell for a girl who he believed was the same age as him and suddenly learning her real age doesn't change his feelings. It's not like he specifically looked for a younger girl, or was even aware of it at all. There's nothing predatory about him at all, he's just hurt and wants to continue a relatioNo, there's no other way. Aside from the fact she's 13 years old, she lied to you for SIX MONTHS, your entire relationship. In fact, she woudl literally STILL Be lying to you if you'd not overheard someone talking about her. 

I would be uncomfortable with the situation of a 16/13 year old in general, but in some situations it might be ok. The real"Rowdy" is what you call rambunctious 10 year olds or adolescent Labradors, not grown adults (even with limited intellectual capacity). The truth is your buddy is kind of an asshole. Even if he has the IQ level of say, a 12 year old this is behavior that shouldn't be condoned or excused. 

Regardless, you sound like a really stand up guy being ther&gt; My buddy is a redneck loud mouthed trump loving dude who gets in fights, owns guns, and goes out of his way to antagonize people just for the fun of it. My aunt is extremely kind-hearted, remembers everyone’s birthday, is tender, thoughtful and empathetic. 

All this is evidence of is that personality and a person's base nature doesn't have toIt sounds like you're actually a shitty boyfriend, and she's understandably resentful, so it's exploding now onto this specific situation.

You literally didn't speak to her for 3 weeks because you thought she had "attitude" about a simply questions about dinner. Dude, wtf? Who the hell acts like this? This is immature, toxic behavior. I'd break upYour parents are emotionally abusive (MANY people with EDs develop them due to some type of childhood abuse), and stopped you getting therapy due to the fact the therapist was rightly pointing out the abuse and trying to get them to stop it. No one, especially children, deserve to be treated that way. 

Your parents are wrong and you can try to repThere's absolutely not enough here and I feel like you're leaving a lot out. You "could be bi"? It sounds like you are confused about your sexuality and your wife suspects it. OR like someone else suggested, she wants to swing/have a threesome with another man and is testing the waters. Personally I think this needs some introspection on your part Write them a letter or email fanning all this out--that you are much happier in this country and are going to start a life with your partner there, also no you're not actually going to have a big wedding and you're not going to have children. Emphasize this is a personal choice for your own happiness and not a rejection of them or the country itselIf she were a teenager I’d agree. But again, children this young do not lie about sexual abuse or exploitation unless they have been abused or exploited before somehow. Because normal, healthy 8 year olds don’t even know what that is, or at least to this degree. It’s sadly VERY common for young victims of am sexual abuse to accuse someone innocent Excuse me? She didn't just "grope" him, she full on sexually abused him. Call the police and report her for sexual abuse. And yes, blame and punish the fuck out of your daughter who recommended a babysitter who she knew MOLESTED HER FUCKING LITTLE BROTHER.

And really, ask yourself. "Would I be asking what to do if a 17 year old boy molested my dauTell your brother he needs to stop making inappropriate comments to your daughter and absolutely never leave her alone with her. Tell your daughter she did the right thing coming to you, that you will always protect her and anytime anyone else ever makes her uncomfortable like that come to you again. Tell your wife as well. 

He's being a creep andNo, it's not normal. He's a budding sexual predator and you need to start recording what he's doing. And they call you bitchy any impatient for this? If I were around the same age as him I wouldn't just yell at him, I'd kick him in the balls. 

I think you should speak to a school counselor about this and express your concerns that your brother is Anyone who supports trump is an idiot and a horrible person. If they are GAY too? They're even dumber and a traitor to the community. He's enabled a ton of people who fucking hate us. There's absolutely no way I'd even have one date with someone who was that fucking stupid and devoid of morals. You can try to show her more proof but who knows if itThis is not a gray area. This was abuse. I don't think he's a sexual predator now but a 15 year old and a 10 year old is just no go. IF they were both around the same age and/or both willing, then ok. But no, this isn't gray. It's pretty clearly abuse. If you think "teenage boys hormones are running high" is a good justification for getting naked aYes, this is sexual abuse. And it's typical that this isn't talked about, because no one wants to admit they committed or were a victim of abuse, and it's normal for survivors to think they "made it up". 

Literally nothing in this made you "Complicit", you were 10 and he was 15. And you even had the strength of character to write him a cease and dREPORT HIM TO THE FUCKING POLICE. Get enough information to call the boy's parents or locate them and put this sick fuck in jail. Even if you can't get that information, report him to the police and tell them what he said. Even mention it to a friend or someone who might know who the kid was that "Oh, he mentioned he babysat Johnny recently." and sThis feels like it was written by a sheltered teenage virgin. 

First of all social media isn’t a realistic depiction of ANYTHING. Second of all sex being a big influence on people and relationships doesn’t mean they want to fuck everyone. Many people with high sex drives are monogamous. Monogamy has to due with relationship styles and loyalty. AlsShe’s 8 years old. She shouldn’t have a phone capable of speaking to strangers. Take it away completely. She’s a little girl and not capable of protecting herself. Quite frankly your aunt is being a shitty parent. Not only acting like there’s no solution to her daughter falling into the hands of someone dangerous but trying To outsource her parentiYou didn't overreact. The issue wasn't just that he was hurting Trigger, but that he was *jealous* of Trigger. And for fuck's sake, even if Trigger DID try to bite him in this situation that would be totally justified. And really, I think the dude probably was in a panic and DID mean well, but the way he went about this was just terrible. I wish yoYou’re not the asshole. I’ve dated a number of women with mental health issues and am with one now—all different ones and varying degrees of severity. Sometimes you just cannot deal with their problems. 

But what really alarms me about this woman is it seems she deflects everything with her anxiety and seems to expect you to spend extra time takinIf you have meds you must have a dr or therapist. Talk to them about this immediately and ask for more help and resources. also you’re in college so see if they have a psych center available. See if there’s any other friends or family members you can live with. Suicide isn’t the answer. There are things and people who can help you even if your dad I've helped dozens, perhaps hundreds of people with sexual abuse and have also studied a lot of human sexual development and sexuality. This claim is absolutely absurd. It's 100% normal for a 6 year old child to masturbate--especially doing it in private. What's abnormal is kids repeatedly it in full view of others, forcing other children to engageYour wife is an asshole and you are in the right. She's going to fuck your daughter up if she keeps this up. You're right to have second thoughts about your marriage because your wife literally wants to abuse and shame your daughter for being human--all because of ancient mythology. She's not fit to be raising a child.

You need to go to counselingYes. I actually would have felt as strongly if the genders were reversed. However, I wouldn’t feel that way if the ages were 25/47 and above. I also don’t know what you seem to think I didn’t read thoroughly. It’s impossible to reread now but the fact he also didn’t answer me when I pointed out a discrepancy (saying he had a child at age 21 and the