Sure. But, like I said, you don't get rid of everyone else's yellow clothes because it helps your with your depression. 


What you also need to understand about this conversation I'm having is that I don't celebrate and don't care about them. But, I'm absolutely against removing things from everyone because they upset a tiny minority, whether thatOkay, lets take your logic and apply it to a situation where you'll be able to see that your logic doesn't make sense, even if it sounds very valiant of you and makes you feel good about yourself. 


I'm depressed and seeing people wearing yellow makes my depression worse. It will harm absolutely no one to take yellow clothes away from everyone andYou'll just buy it a couple weeks after it's come out, paying the same, but missing out on the (mostly pointless) pre-order bonuses.


For any of my PC boys, if you have origin access premium, you get the game with all the pre-order bonuses of the highest tier without buying it. Don't fall in to their trap of pre-ordering, or even buying any EA gamI'm not being funny, but that is not how life works. If something makes someone depressed, you don't take it away from everyone else, just to help the depressed person.


You help the person that is depressed. Just taking things out of your sight isn't going to do anything towards solving the problem and only serves to mask it and allow it to get wYou shouldn't be able to have the best cards if you're not competing in the biggest competition. It's really that simple. It's true in fifa and it's true in real life football. 


The biggest change over the years is that people expect to be able to have every card in the game, no matter what level they're playing at. Back in the day, you'd have 0 Prices would sort themselves out, you wouldn't need to change anything else. Fut survived and thrived from it's formation until maybe fut 13? without any rewards outside of match coins, then from the first year of divisions until what, 17? when they gave us champions and SBCs. I don't trade at all, or spend money and have close to one of the best tWhat I would say, is that you need to be honest with yourself. You're in division 10, don't blame it on relegators etc. 


No area of your game is decent enough and all can be vastly improved upon. You're not losing because of being unlucky, you're losing because you need to improve AND THAT IS COMPLETELY OKAY! 


The easiest thing I can see that yIdea is 10/10, unfortunately the community is 1/10, so it won't work. 


What seems like fun, would just turn in to you paying 30k for some average 82 rated striker because "traders" have bought all of them off of the market and price locked them etc. 


Same reason they've had to make things like MM so stale. The community doesn't just take what tYeah, rewards were completely atrocious for me all year, even with top 100 finishes. Think I had 3 in the first few months, whilst playing with a really cheap team and the rewards weren't good enough to do anything, most expensive player was 120k from the 33 informs from those 3 weeks. I'm still yet to have a top red. My rewards have massively imprIt's slow progression. 


First year of champs I was Gold 1, Elite a few times. Second year is was elite 3 most of the time and you slowly climb and improve. I've missed out on Elite 3 loads in past fifa's a game, sometimes with a big bottle job. Now I never miss elite and get annoyed when I miss out on top 100.  


What you'll realise after your fYeah, it's not a normal behaviour by any means. But, there seems to be some sort of maternal instinct in cats to do this kind of thing for their cubs. Where if they were around the rest of their pride they'd growl at/swipe at their own cubs whilst eating from the same carcass, but they don't touch something like this and just let the cubs learn froI mean, if you're going to look at it in the way you're choosing to then I contested my first sentence in the rest of my comment. 


That being said, you couldn't prove with current data available that lions hunt less than lionesses. You'll see it far less often as it's much easier to track down a pride of lions than it is to track down male lions I didn't contest your point? 


Although I would say that your comment about Leopards is not true. Lions aren't in any way worried about Leopards. Leopards are solidly below them in the pecking order in every way because they're solitary and cannot risk getting injured. A Leopard will leave a kill if even a single hyena comes, which is why they takIt's a common misconception that male lions can't/don't hunt as much. 


In reality there is just less need for them to hunt and when they do hunt, it allows their pride to take down stuff that they couldn't otherwise kill, like big male buffaloes, Giraffes and more rarely elephants. 


The reason there is no need for them to hunt most of the time If you want to see more of this, there is a vod from these same guys from 2016/17 and there are a pride of lions with a load of cubs and basically the mothers catch a Buffalo calf and let their kids learn how to kill it. Except the cubs don't know how and get bored pretty soon and just start eating it the same way all lions eat Buffalo, ass first. Use your eyes before you comment next time. In my post I've stated two things that have told you all of your comments have been a complete waste of time. 

"I always skip my replays" and "but can't for the life of my find it in "celebrations" or in any celebration guide". 


Yet you come out here with how to skip and telling me to google it. You'reI beat a dude today who after I scored two good goals in the first 15 minutes and immediately skipped, he paused 3 times and then did his best to hold possession for the game. He ended on 83% possession and lost 3-0 in Champs. What's the point? I had to stay around because he tried to attack every time it looked like I had gone afk, but other than Ahh yes, all those things happen exclusively in Fifa and not in real life... It's those things that swing games in real life as well. The team expected to win hits the post a few times, has a few unlucky bounces and the opponent scores on the counter with their first chance. 


I don't spend hundreds on the game and the whole "meta" thing is stupidReally doesn't though.


I consider myself to be someone right at the top of the game and my weekend league finishes back that up. I expect to be better than 28/29 of the people I play against but that doesn't mean that I win 29 games every weekend, sometimes I do, but that's just the way it goes. But, do I lose "every other game"? No, I might loseMate, you're living in a fantasy land if you think it's not the case. There are very obvious cases, Anthony Taylor against Chelsea being on of them. Everything against us today, red card and pen against us in the last cup final he reffed with us in, a third of all red cards shown in FA cup finals have been given by Taylor to Chelsea. The competitioThat doesn't matter. The best headline I've seen so far about the game is, "Chelsea didn't lose the final because of abysmal refereeing. But, for the same reason there was no chance that they could win it". The ref didn't lose us the game, but we didn't stand a chance with him on the field. 


Just give us a fair game, that's all we want. 


This rIf you go on post shot expected goals compared to goals conceded, Onana is at the top. Think Oblak is slightly better per 90 mins, but not per shot (or the other way around). 


Basically xGa vs psxGA give completely different stats because post shot works on whether the shot that was taken should be saved, whether there are players in the way etc They had to wait to get the right frame where he was touching it inside the box. After the game the BBC showed a clip and stopped it a few frames after he first touched the ball to make it look like it was inside the box. All the in game evidence shows it was outside, BBC clip that appears after they've had 20 minutes to get the frame they want, to&gt; "Conspiracy theory-esque."


You ever listened to the interview with Mark Clattenburg? He straight up told people that referees went in to games with ideas of how they want the game to go and take account of the clubs positions and needs before the game. He straight out said it and he's now the head of refereeing for another league. There is nCan't be upset about it. Be upset if our players didn't show up and didn't care. They were there, they gave their all. We're going to look bad when our attacks are usually started by the press, but when the ref gives a freekick after every good tackle, we can never start an attack and look bad. 


Just got to ignore it. Nothing you can do about refYeah, it sucks. It's impossible to know if it truly was a good game that they had when they could freely foul us and we couldn't cleanly tackle them or it'd be given as a foul. 


Chelsea were playing a high press, the point being that when you get the ball, you're in the opponent's half. What kind of a threat are we supposed to pose when every turThe whole game with 12v11 and then 11v10.

The idea the ref can be as biased as he was and it doesn't effect the performance is completely deluded. 


Of course we didn't create anything, how are we supposed to create when we cleanly tackle Arsenal in their own half and instead of being able to drive in to their box, they get a freekick? 


They wePedro going down there was no different to the Arsenal penalty. Neither are a penalty, or both are. 


If this ref still has a job after this game (he will) then there is hope for all of us. Get your DM's in to Emma Watson. If he can referee above amateur level, let alone the final of the second biggest competition in the country, you can do whatevYeah, it's not about high tolerance to violence or anything like that. They're just shit. Some games they'll let red card challenges go and then other games they'll do this shit. 


English referees are all about creating storylines and keep the league as "the most exciting league in the world". It's why you're seeing shit like this. The FA want anAnother funny one is Black panther. In China they don't like black people and wouldn't watch a film if it had a black lead character, so [in the film poster](https://external-url) , they put a mask over his They're all the same, this isn't just Nike. My personal favourite in the hypocrisy Olympics are the companies that change their logos for pride week and make all these sweeping statements about pride for everyone and freedom to express yourself etc. But, in Muslim countries they don't change their logo and don't say anything about pride. 


They'reAnd who is saying they're not already at that point? It'll obviously be different where I am compared to USA, but here the charity work done for kids hospitals are to help the kid meet their heros and to buy the hospitals extra toys and equipment to take the kids out of the hospital etc. They've got all the basics and the charity work funds the extThe Oblak rumour is just that, a rumour. We'll enquire, because why wouldn't you? But, there is exactly 0 chance we pay his buy out clause. Either we buy him for a lot less, or we get Onana for less than it costs you to pay De Gea's wages for two years. Onana is also on 20k~ a week, so it's easy to imagine we won't have to pay him huge wages for eiHow much funding is enough? 


You can never have "enough" money for things like medicine and health care because ultimately you can always spend more money on things like improving QOL, the latest medicines, more expensive equipment and constantly upgrading equipment to the newest available. You can always have more people working in a hospital, mYeah, you'll get these rumours because the windows are always full of positive United rumours because they get so many clicks. It says a deal would have to include a United pay off and Sanchez taking a pay cut. Sanchez is not going to get a pay cut, he's in too commanding of a position. 


The only way I see this happening is United paying him the I think people still underrate just how good of a coach Conte is. 


Inter Milan are on their way to their best finish in 10 years in his first season there and he's utilising players like Moses and Ashley Young and bringing players back to life players like Lukaku and Sanchez. He's a really, really special manager and I think given time he'll be hIt's incredible how he's managed to get us to score more goals with the normal front three being Mount - Tammy - Willian, than we did last season with Hazard - Higuain - Willian as our front 3. 


It's obviously impossible to say how we would have done with a better keeper and/or star players up front, but 73 points is what understat expected us toHe's bought three starting quality RBs in the past 3 seasons. He's spent 142m on RBs in the past 3 seasons. He sold one of them. He buys a load of top players and sees what works. 


No team needs a backup RB that cost them 65m. Chelsea's backup RB is a youth player. United's backup RB is a youth player. Liverpool's backup RB is a youth player. CitIt's pretty simple really though, supply and demand. Teams tend to get a good to very good GK and stick with them for as long as possible because they're such an integral part of the team and 9 times out of 10 you only have 1 starting quality keeper at your club and injury is very unlikely.  


Whereas for wingers you tend to have at least 3 startiRight, so 2 teams ran away with it.

"Chelsea ran away with it" - 7 point difference at the end of the season after winning the last 5 games.

Leicester won with 3 games remaining.


What you're also missing is how competitive the league is. It's not just about who wins it. GW 36 there was 1 point between 3rd and 5th with 2 games to go and that sorSimple answer is that football is all about entertainment and that forces teams away from what is best and most secure, a solid defence and has gone towards everyone attacking. 


Trust me, I'm a Chelsea fan, I'm 100% aware that defending is the best way to win things, it's how we won things with an inferior team for a long time. To be the best defBecause no one plays defensive football anymore. Fullbacks are basically wingers now and we're going in to the market so that we can play with two "8"s at the same time behind 3 attackers. 


We dropped 9 points in our last 10 games and we played against 1st, 2nd, 5th, 6th and 7th in that time. I don't know how exactly I'd call that almost bottlingHe doesn't drop him because when he does drop him we're awful... It's immediately noticeable when he comes off that we lose the ability to play between the lines. Sure, if the team is playing up on to us, someone like Pulisic can run in behind and that's how we can create chances. But, if they sit back like so Norwich did, there is no one in our teThere is no way Azpi is going to be dropped, he's our captain and our only solid defender. 

I think you're thinking too loosely about the players we have and not making the most of their abilities. 

What's better in defence, (1) Azpi - Zouma - Rudiger - James, with Kante sitting. Or (2) Zouma - Rudiger - Azpi with Kante and Kovacic sitting. 


ThHey, if he was playing for Chelsea he would have had a lot more to deal with, that's for sure! 


But, seriously I don't really know how you'd gauge how good a team is for a defender's development.


Do you want one that has all the possession and is expected to win the trophy before the season starts? 


Is it better to be at a lower league team wOur team is very much not similar to Liverpool. Frank intends for our play to be quick and between the lines, with the midfielders being more offensively based, but with high work rates to press and the defenders to defend (although high up the pitch). Liverpool have lots of more defensively minded midfielders that hold the fort and defend for the According to whoscored, your most played midfielders this season are McTominay DM, Fred DM, Pereira CM and Matic DM. They have 79 appearances between them, meaning for the majority of games you were playing 2 players that either have DM as their main position, or played the majority of games at DM. 


This isn't coming from me, this is coming from Uh, maybe he was for you guys. He hasn't been that way at City. He's repeatedly bought players for the same positions until one fits. 

From 16/17 till now, he's bought these defenders:

Stones 52m

Zinchenko 2m

Laporte 65m

Mendy 57.5m

Walker 53m

Danilo 30m

Sandler 2.5m

Cancelo 65m

Angelino 12m

Porro 12m

Couto 6m


Last I checked you don'tI think the other thing you have to say is how often he has to buy new players to keep his system working as well. You look at Liverpool's success under Klopp, they have spent loads and bought pretty much the entire 11 that they currently have. BUT, the players that came in were specific to his system and they didn't need to try over and over to gePeople who are buying newspapers are certainly not reddit users and most will only use their phone for calls, otherwise they could just read the newspaper articles for free on their phones. 


I would imagine commuting to work is too stressful and stop and start for a book to be good reading. Whereas, if you're reading some crap that you don't carePeople can use their phones to read any paper. If they were using their phones, they wouldn't be buying newspapers, it's a different demographic. 


No new paper could compete with the likes of the sun to produce papers that cheaply, especially not if they want to report actual news. It's just not feasible to set it up, advertise and pay all runninThey didn't provide it for the original ban, so they could only ban you based off of the leaks. 


There is no way they could have banned you based off of anything other than the leaks if you didn't provide it. And that's absolutely the correct decision by UEFA, if a club isn't willing to give information about a potential breach of procedure, thenIt's less crazy when you put it in to context though. A Sun paper costs you 50p, Guardian is £2.20 (3.20 on weekends) and Financial times £2.90 (£4.00 weekends). 


If you look through the list, although there are outliers, it basically goes from cheap to expensive. 


Some people want to read on the train to work every day, it costs them £2.50 a wI was finding defending to be very weird when the patch came out on PC, like your defence is more spread out, your defensive CM sometimes wanders and the weirdest of all being that your CBs will now endlessly follow runs in behind and keep them onside, rather than playing them offside like normal. 


The first 2 might just be me playing against weiHe didn't even attempt to save the ball for 30% of the goals he has conceded.


You couldn't get worse than him if you tried.  He was tied bottom of the league for punches. Literally just think of any goalkeeping stat, outside of mistakes leading to goals and he's at the wrong end of the list. 



It's quite amusing, he's completely lost even the sIf you want to play fifa and you have a pc, then why not? 


Too many people on here have "heard a lot" but they haven't actually experienced it themselves. Unless you're someone who religiously plays squad battles (honestly, if you like playing offline modes, you may as well still be playing fifa 12, there is no reason to keep paying for a new gamNo one who is rich has done it without fucking other people over. He obviously has a bad past, no one is going to debate that. But, one of the first things he did when buying Chelsea was to set up the Chelsea foundation and constantly ensures that the club is doing good. You can't change what you've done in the past, you can only change what you doChelsea are run in a way that allows them to have a lot of money to spend, a lot of that is due to player sales and loan fees, but we also make more from sponsors and obviously of late, a lot more from prize money. We pretty much have a dream owner, happy to invest within the limits of ffp to better build up the infrastructure of the club which in No. I am certain that if we still had our last manager and plenty of other top managers, we would have ground the season out with our established players because that's what we've done in the past when we've had poor signings and gaps in the team. The youth never got a look in, even when they were "ready" and the starter, say Bakayoko, was definiteChelsea did not have depth going in to the season. Our established players that Frank inherited this year had 26 goals between them last season. He brought youth players through and stopped players from going out on loan to have enough players to use. 


It's easy to look back now and say we had depth etc. But, our starting 11 of established player