With how many people who didn't vote in 2016 or voted for the retarded meme right ins, plus the large percentage who voted trump then but aren't this year, and the fact that even without all these people voting Hillary, she still won the popular vote, I am genuinely going to be terrified for the future if trump somehow manages to rig the election eJust the regular palm strike that he has now, but it does extra fire damage so it's not pointless to attempt. Would be awesome imo, and this game abandoned all realism a while ago so I don't think the majority of ppl would mind zhanhu having actual fire powers. Also, now that I think about it, why didn't they give him a fire sword feat? Like the blWas talking about this while in a party with friends, and one of my friends (who doesn't play this game) was trying to argue that people should be able to play this game no matter their ping, bc they paid for it. I told him that single player and PvE exist, and that they're not being cucked out of their money if they're not allowed to play multiplaDo you know what sub you're on? The title tells you what to expect, only for said expected thing to not happen, thus making the actual outcome unexpected. You could have even expected that the title was misleading you, and still you wouldn't have expected the slow mo to be fake. And I don't see how you could possibly think this video was karma whorIf you enjoy viability, basically play any knight hero except for maybe pk. But honestly, play whoever. It's best to learn as many heroes as possible because knowing everyone's moveset and playstyle will help you in the long run, even more so than if you were to focus a single main. I don't have a single hero on the roster below rep 3 and I'm certaI still don't understand why they couldn't have just left his ability to instantly cancel out of a charged heavy with a dodge. The issue was the ability for he and other characters to instantaneously hard cancel a heavy to be able to safe parry anything. But in getting rid of the dodge cancel ability, they got rid of his infinadodge, which was his They honestly shouldn't have both nerfed his stamina damage and his stamina pause. Obviously the stamina damage originally was way too high, and the stamina pause was annoying af and needed to go, but without the stamina pause, they really need to buff the stamina damage again. Maybe not to original levels, but definitely higher. Especially with thI was thinking a nice buff would be giving her frame advantage after the chain punch. Would give jorm a decently effective offense based on mind games come the ccu. You bash and they either dodge or likely eat the light. Honestly, they could even just make it function like lb's old shove, where the light is guaranteed completely, should they not doSome ppl say that this game has no place for shinobi's kit, and that it should be completely scrapped and replaced, but I'd argue he doesn't need that. They could either give him one of two things:

Give him back his ability to instantly cancel his heavy into a dodge. Doing so would allow him to infinadodge again, so that he can once again mix peopI don't think she needs a softfeint from any direction. Her dagger cancel should stay how it is, unreactable in one direction. A softfeint in any direction would have to be made reactable like shaman's, so if she were to have that, she'd need another unreactable mixup to compensate. What I think would be a nice addition instead is if it were possibGenuinely, I'd be happy if they even just fixed the recoveries that should have all been faster in the first place. But zhanhu definitely needs the heavy finisher tracking to be improved and the dodge attack to be made into an actually unreactable 50/50 before he actually becomes completely viable. Would also be nice if they sped up the zone and soI hope you're being sarcastic. Even with his less than ideal matchups, highlander is still really strong. Zhanhu's recoveries are dogshit and his unlockable mixups are nearly entirely hard counterable with a simple dodge. His zone is not nearly as fast as it needs to be, his dodge attacks are entirely reactable, and his deflects are the worst in thNot to mention you can bait out the undodgeable a few times to parry or crushing counter, then the orochi/tiandi will likely stop trying to throw it so much.  However, this can be pretty difficult depending on who it is that has the undodgeable that you're fighting. This is why HL is such a difficult character to play despite having such high damagImagine if the devs actually wanted this to happen and this was a whole meta thing on their part all along. Warmonger is all about bringing war back to the factions, so they purposefully designed her as a knight with certain reused/revamped assets and a fun, viable kit, with the intent of creating a divide in the community, knowing full well many pI think that's most people. I honestly haven't seen the "running away orochi meta" in quite a fucking while. Even the few orochis I run into who are garbage and only ever stop mashing light to throw kiai or kunai don't tend to run away. And honestly, I love antiganking, but it's kind of a crutch sometimes because I probably don't run away nearly asAnd they're the exact people that the devs should not be listening to, and yet tend to listen to anyways. It's fine what they're doing to limit light spam with the coming changes, but if they give in to *that* part of the community and slow lights back down again, even anywhere above the percieved 400ms on the indicators, then lights will be even wThat's what I imagined. And get this, what if it was a bash that didn't guarantee a light? What if it instead was chainable into anything, so he could bash after a light in order to reset his light chain, dodge, go storm rush, etc.. It would actually fit with the tg changes too, it would be used to extend your offense further than if you just threwWell forward light can be a yes at lower levels where most people might struggle to block it. But it really is best to never build a habit out of it, because it's a free parry for better players, even on console. Only use you should really make of it is using it to heavy parry punish, and for catching rolls and such. Anything beyond that is purely All I'd say is that the two stances are incredibly similar, as though they took tiandi's stance and just slightly tweaked it to look different on warmonger. But I don't think they necessarily did actually do that. I mean, one thing people didn't mention is that warmonger's stance also looks pretty similar to cent's stance, at least for certain guarKinda funny bc I feel like my video games are the main reason I'm hanging on during quarantine. I also never felt like I was incredibly attached to my phone, and that's coming from someone who got their first smart phone during middle school, and also someone who browses reddit frequently. But then again I have been depressed in cycles for minimal Imagine if he had feats relating to summoning troops. Like a tier 2 that summons maybe 3 pikemen to follow him and has decently short recharge time, a tier 3 that causes all troops in a certain radius to follow him until they die (or he outruns them, so he can't sprint while he's got his squad going). Then like a tier 1 that heals him based on how Honestly, the US political climate has changed now that most political issues are about ethics and morality, hence why it makes sense that people are at each other's throats. But your views are respectable, so long as you're not anti mask or any stupid shit like that. You know, so long as you don't mix said issues of ethics and morality with politiHis method of pressuring feels much more aggressive and satisfying due to his fast recoveries, enhanced lights, and hyper armor. As long as you don't throw the same stuff over and over, the enemy won't be able to attack. They'll either have to sit still and just eat chip damage, lights and headbutts, or they'll have to make some solid predictions/rI thought this is what people were already arguing in the first place. The devs took animations already in the game and tweaked them slightly to make them look different, and many people thought that was lazy. Either way, the only thing that annoyed me was using warden's uncomfirmed side chain light animations for warmonger. Not because they were "It would actually be an interesting direction if rather than implementing more entirely unique heroes, they actually started creating different variations of the same hero, like warmonger for warden. I've thought about this before, it could be like warhammer: vermintide 2, where each character has 4 different "careers" to choose from. Maybe the ultI don't know about anyone else, but imo, while being viable at least to some degree is a necessity, I still prefer heroes who have their own (semi)specific playstyle. They don't necessarily need to have some unique mechanic or move in their kit, but what they do have available to them should create some form of a unique synergy that makes them fun I think most of the community is just upset bc new heroes are always highly anticipated, more so than gameplay changes. Ppl have been waiting longer than ever for the next hero, so to have one that isn't so unique is disappointing to many. I'm personally only mildly disappointed by the reusing of assets, mostly bc warden's unconfirmed chained sidelI don't mind the reused assets that much tbh, only thing I wish they'd do is adjust the side lights more; warden's side lights are ugly af when they're chained without the confirmed second light imo. Besides that, I'll be happy with the moveset either way so long as the bash offense doesn't make her too strong in combination with the already viableI mean ppl did already want some of appollyon's moveset in the game anyways, but as a warden rework. They really just went and made her a whole ass character instead. My only hope is that the ai warmonger doesn't have the full kit, and that there's a few more unique moves/ features besides the unlockable dodge attack that we haven't been shown yet.Someone tell me why people think this guy is wrong? Because I'm going to be viscerally pissed if the new hero is not only a warden clone, but uses his animations for several attacks as well. Reusing old animations is one of the stupidest things I've heard of relating to this game, and I refuse to believe the warden/appolyon animations are not placeThey don't even necessarily need to add interfactional characters like some people have speculated, I think even just adding cosmetics like this to heros that blended the different faction styles would be cool if the story were to arc back to the factions finding peace again. Could be a sort of cross cultural type thing, showing that they've begun Yes. The fucking revive icons should just be fucking transparent while you're locked on, them and the other button prompts and the healing zone symbol. I don't understand why they didn't do this when they fixed the rest of the ui. The other completely fucked thing that makes no sense to me is the goddamn lock system. How the fuck has this game exisTbf no one's ever made a game like this so it's not like they had something to build off of, but also tbf this game's existed for four fucking years and you'd think by now they'd know what they're doing. They should know what works and what doesn't by now, and what the players want, but they continue to make changes that don't help the game and thaWhen this question is 

A: pointless, because of course every single fucking person would want a "return to where you left off button," and

B: reposted every single fucking week, 

And practically every single comment is pointing out either of these things, I'm left to wonder who the fuck are the 20k+ people who are always upvoting this stupid fucYeah, to just be a trender and not an actual gender dysmorphic, and to actually go through with a transition, you'd have to have some serious mental health issues. I feel like the more common trenders would only claim gender dysmorphia for attention, and only talk about transitioning at most, but never go through with it. That's not to say that theNah you're totally right about the part of not questioning teens who want to transition. As much as I'd support someone's final decision to do so, I wouldn't until I was sure they had very closely considered the choice and that they were certain that this was what they wanted for the rest of their life. No one should so blindly support this sort ofDry blood is my go to attacker color, I use it on almost everyone, and for their neutral colors as well. But there's almost no good looking defender colors besides some event colors that you probably don't have for every character. At least not until you reach higher reps. I would genuinely pay steel for individual color swatches for each characterI'm pretty certain I've had this but my dreams are so incomprehensibly strange that I can't remember my old dreams very well. And I barely dream now, most nights I wake up not remembering any dreams, probably because they were so pointless and weird that my brain decided to discard the memory as useless information. But one recurring, actually compI never really thought the original comics or any of the new content were ever intended as much of a joke, idk where you got that from. It was just an idea that one dude had that was expanded upon with more artwork and comics, all themed around the phrase "I'm sorry jon". The idea also expanded into other cartoons and such, making a previously innoSo we don't even technically know if the killing was actually connected to the argument? That part wasn't even included in either of the articles I read. Thanks for the source

Edit: read the article, the group was walking around the canal, an apparently shit part of town where two murders had happened recently before, and they were equally armed aCan anyone link a source or am I just supposed to believe the post wasn't actually bullshit and shouldn't have been removed?

Edit: Googled it myself, there's only two sources on this, and one of them is the sun, which already makes the story questionable. Even then, it was reported that the woman and her friends provoked the argument by throwing aI lost contact with one of my childhood friends a while ago, but last I heard, she had a mental breakdown and was in a psych facility. Something I wasn't aware of when we were friends, as I was just a kid, was that her divorced parents and her brother all had mental issues, and for all I know there may have been abuse. I'm sorry to say I don't knowEither way you can often bet on them chaining to top light and just prediction parry. I'm on console, and I do that often. Also, I haven't really tested this before, isn't it possible to dodge out of valk's delayed light chain? I feel like the fully delayed frames are so long that they might actually outlast the hit stun, and I'm pretty sure ppl haI'm 180 reps overall with about 5(?) Reps into valk (5-7 is kind of my average rep, I play everyone), I still can barely manage to dodge her shield crushes. Idfk why that is, I tend to accurately predict the shield crushes, but my brain refuses to register the bash coming and let me dodge in time. It takes most my focus just to remind myself to dodLiterally just yesterday I destroyed a rep 70 jorm with my jorm in a 1v1 during a dominion match, dude immediately messaged me after, desperately trying to prove he's better than me by pointing out I had a low score that match. I'm like, my guy, I've been playing all day, I'm tired and I'm just trying to talk to my friends rn, I'm sure you're good Yeah I'm glad you wanted to talk about it. But just so you know, I wasn't calling you out on your art or anything, I was only trying to encourage whoever else to share their opinion on why they like realistic armor. Continue making armor concepts, if you like to put realistic armor on a hero that's up to you, the artist. I'd only want to encourage No, I totally agree with giving characters actual armor. Full armor sets usually look way better than something like shirtless raider, I just really don't want something like a full chainmail coat, or wonky looking historically accurate European plate armor. Many armors from history just don't look good. They were functional and practical, but thatUnpopular opinion, but I'm honestly getting sick of all the requests for realistic armor sets. Yes, that helmet looks cool, and yes, the larger inclusion of mail into a set is also a cool idea, but why does anyone want just a straight up basic mail coat? For one, this is a fantasy game where knights, Vikings and samurai are all independent factionsIn addition to those being gone, I really fucking hate the kill streak orders. With the nature of the game, it's nearly fucking impossible to get a five player kill streak without either getting super lucky one match or playing like a bitch, staying away from ganks and picking your fights. Even if you play at the top of your game, there's nothing yVery important thing to note about it is that you need to be constantly moving backwards or none of it will work. This basically just makes the gb whiff so that the other two options become reactable.

Another very important thing to note is that this only works with neutral heavies; if it's a chained heavy, and he didn't just whiff his first attacI'd like to politely correct you here:

This child hiding her face is an example of egocentrism, where the child can't understand that everybody doesn't see from the child's perspective, so because she can't see the seeker, she assumes the seeker can't see her either. 

Object permanence is one's ability to know the existence of objects that one caHonestly, I think the reverse is true as well, because if you play every hero enough, you'll know how every player thinks, and be able to make way better predictions because of it. It's harder to learn how certain characters play by just fighting them. And there's only so much you can do to improve your skill with a single hero in particular; I feeI think she just needs something like a damage buff if anything. Like people have said, she's much better on console, because her lights are super hard to react to if you delay them, and it's also impossible to dodge the sweep on reaction. But idk if a simple buff to her damage and/or stamina would be sufficient on pc, or if she'd need an actual chI'm the same way. Some of the most fun memories I have with this game was trying out heroes that I previously hadn't played because I thought they weren't viable, or didn't have interesting movesets, and then finding out their movesets were more expansive than I thought. For example, when I was low rep and thought nobushi was garbage because I hadnI feel like it would lose a lot of it's old charm if it had a new, rebooted quality to it though. Ngl, they'd probably ruin it as well by ditching the strange, eerie creepiness in favor of making it all bright and squeaky, giving it the sort of loud humor new cartoons tend to have. But should they be able to make it even remotely true to the originThe caption would've been great had they not added NoBOdY: for no reason. Why did op feel the need to add that? What does it even do for the meme? It literally makes no sense having it there. This literally isn't even the proper type of caption to add it too. Actually, I don't think there even is a correct caption to add it to. It's really just likIs it a thing for men to like girls who like girls? Because my type of girl happens more often than not to be a lesbian. Like I've literally had instances of dating someone who later came out as a lesbian. And I'll even see lesbian couples and often think they're both super cute. It kinda fucking sucks because it makes it hard to find a relationshiI've always wanted some sort of a capture the flag type mode that isn't like tribute. I still like the idea of team based 1v1s in an arena though, so long as there's some sort of way for everyone else to spar while they wait, or like what u/doomsdaymelody suggested, 

&gt;Teammates could fight for control over traps, unlimited respawns when not in Seriously this game needs something like this, or even just the ability to use training mode while you wait as a minimum. Something like that would probably help repopulate the less active game modes as well, bc someone who wants to play tribute for example, but doesn't wanna wait 10 minutes, won't have to worry about waiting anymore. Would help esTo add to this, we really have no idea whether all life has to follow the same rules as life as we know it. For all we know there could be a complex lifeform capable of surviving in space. Maybe there's a whole race of these things living in that massive interstellar void that's mentioned above in this thread. And considering how the ocean can supp