&gt; He may be devastated to miss the birth of his child and this is something you’ll take away from him that he can’t get back. It may have lasting effects on your relationship going forward. 

This is a point that gets rarely mentioned here: She may be within her right to do it, but he is within his right to be hurt with it and resent it and thosI work in wind power. Part of my job (which I thought over a coworker that was fired) is monitoring masts that measure wind to asses how much wind is in an area to make sure how productive will a potential wind farm be. 

Our bosses have the idea that if we pretend that everything is okay, it will magically make itself okay. So whenever she reporteOh, God. This is a very difficult situation and it pains me, but I would say NAH because it's a matter of your safety and the safety of your kids. And your husband WAS an asshole, but for what I understand he's doing his best to not be an asshole now. 

I'm not sure about your husband's parents, though. While they're not obligated to do it, I feel 2010 - The last year of the televote.

2011 - The one with all the women's legs. (No, seriously. The amoung of women with legs there is impressive)

2012 - The most unique one

2013 - The most disappointing one. 

2014 - The best one. 

2015 - The most chaotic one.

2016 - The most overrated one. 

2017 - The one with all the drama. 

2018 - The on&gt; En cuanto a la industria eléctrica, priorizar y optar por lo más rentable: construir  o reconstruir plantas para satisfacer la demanda del sureste, en particular la península de Yucatán, así como abastecer con energía suficiente a Baja California Sur.

Que no se la jale. Si a esto justo le dio en la torre cancelando los proyectos de líneas de I don't think I made my point clear: You talk in different ways to people, and behave in different ways with different groups of people, **even without intending to.** Simply because the context is different. 

Gay people who use the gay voice and gay mannerisms are the same thing. You let your gay out when you're with friends and in a safe place, Do you talk the same way to all people you talk to?

I'm willing to bet there are different ways you talk to different people. It's not the same with your friends, with your partner and with your family. Even with different groups of friends, you talk and act differently because the circumstances are different.

Gay people just have a more noticeab&gt;  Swan: "But the question is, Mr President, by June we knew. Things were bad. And you know, the last time I was with you was the day before your Tulsa rally. And you were saying, big huge crowd, it was indoors. These people, they listen to you."
&gt; 
&gt; Trump: "Excuse me, Jonathan. We had a 19,000-seat stadium. First of all we had 12,000 peoTake care of yourself, preferably arrange to meet first in a public place, make sure someone knows where you are and who you're going with, and always have safe sex. 

Also, 90% of the interactions you start will probably end in nothing. Don't get discouraged. Remember that for all the guys there, you're just one more in an endless stream of faces It's simple: Can you explain WHY do you find women attractive? 

At the end of the day, you can't. It's all a matter of instinct. There are certain things that you find attractive because you find them attractive, because of the way your brain is wired. 

In our case, our brain is wired in a different way and we find attractive different things thaI think there is more openness, yes. Or at least, we are allowed to have it, how much we actually do it varies from guy to guy. 

I recall a time when one of my college friends died. He was part of a gay group and we all went to his funeral. We were openly supporting each other, crying on our shoulders, hugging and holding and in general being therWhen I lived with my grandma and in weekends I had the house all to myself, I watched straight porn simply because it was the only porn available. The male leads had to at least be decent looking, though. 

After that... I've watched a bit of straight porn released as a side project by gay studios. Mostly because some actors are straight men who onThere is both a physical and a mental/emotional connection to other men. And yes, if I see a good looking man in a sexy setting I have a hard time keeping my eyes off him. 

About women... the idea of sex with women just sounds *weird.* I don't know, makes me a bit uncomfortable. I can appreciate them from an aesthetic point of view and even undersThere is a universal healthcare system, but it's still very precarious. Sometimes you have one or two hospitals for an entire state with millions of people, so they are overwhelmed. 

And more recently, the government tried to change the way medicines were bought but the replacement system was not in place when the previous system was cancelled, soAs heartless as this might sound, because your relationship with a workplace is entirely transactional, so if you are more useful you will receive more. 

I'm personally a big fan of social security, if we could guarantee education and medical care at the very least, and preferably also food and housing, it would be great. But right now, in the thi&gt; That is what the national anthem during a ceremony is to me. It's not a time for protesting or making a statement... it's a time to recognize how we stand on the shoulders of giants that built this nation and fought to keep it free and fought to protect our right to be here with that freedom. It's a moment of reflection and gratitude.

The thiFirst of all, making a baby is a business for two. If you decide you're not ready to have the baby, then you're not ready. You can negotiate, but its' one of the things that both of you must agree before you proceed. 

Second, the bedroom is common property. Unless you did somethign particularly heinous and clearly wrong, you have as much right to I have a dumb question: How much should I tweak my resume for each individual application?

I got a version of my resume that shows basically everything of me, shows all my strengths, and fits in two pages. I don't think I could make it fit one page unless I did some major changes. 

Considering that, should I try to tweak it for every individual jI just watched again that song. In studio it was a floorbreaker, but the live presentation was a mess: url

The clothes are a bit sloppy. If you're gonna go for a party boy rebel look, don't look like you were suddenly stopped in the middle of getting dressed. 

The rapper is the main problem. He's gasping for air after every line and he isn't evenAs long as results matter more than the well being of the athletes, this kind of things will keep on happening. 

American culture is particularly toxic about this, but it happens everywhere. I follow gymnastics and Larry Nassar is just the tipo fo the iceberg, there is an entire structure there that pushes people to ignore abuses as long as the teMore than devaluing skills, I think the way to go is what they did with the Produnova: Stricter deductions that devalue a skill when it's not done well. 

This would prevent gymnasts resting on difficulty to make up for a lack of execution, would encourage maybe easier skills when done will, without punishing those who can do higher difficulty withI think an important part of this would also be to teach boys about their own ability to consent or withdraw consent and set boundaries. If you are not taught about those limits in yourself, it can be more difficult to recognize them in others. If you can imagine yourself saying no and establishing limits, you train yourself to recognize them and rYTA

&gt; But my dog always opens his mouth when someone puts even a slight bit of pressure on his teeth

&gt;  But even I have tried to take meat out of his mouth when he wasn’t supposed to eat it and by simply using a firm voice he opened his mouth.

You're missing the part when this is your dog, not hers. The dog may not listen to her the same wI'm divided about this. In one side, Jeph has proven that he can try to write disadvantaged people and come up with very privileged takes on the issue (TL;DR: Raisins), but on the other hand there is a world of difference between people with shared outsider backgrounds using them to bond with each other, and a guy sleazily hitting on the roomate ofI'm not sure if you will be able to see this because it got removed by the sub, but [I ran an analysis a couple weeks ago between the times of Katie Ledecky, who won the 2016 Rio 400-meter final setting a world record, with the times of the men in the 400-men final.](url)

The last place of the final was seven seconds faster than her. And she wouldIt was a great song, one of the best of the year, but I think there were several little things that dragged it down: 

- Greta looked nervous and her smile clashed with the mood of the song.
- Jonsi at some moments sounded like he was singing in a higher key than Greta and the backup singers (mainly in the buildup before the chorus)
- [It was betteThe terminal velocity of a squirrel is 14 m/s according to Google. 

Let's assume that the squirrel achieves terminal velocity fast enough for that not to play a big part of the problem, so we just consider the entire trip to be done at terminal velocity. 

(According to Google, a skydiver reaches terminal velocity in around 12 seconds, and there iThey need to wait more between seasons. Even two regular seasons between AS seasons would be a huge improvement, and three probably would be the best. 

Imagine if they hadn't done AS4 and mixed the cast with AS5 instead:

Monet, Manila, Naomi, Trinity, Valentina, Monique, Alexis, Jujubee, Mariah, Cracker, Ongina and Shea. You have twelve queens thI think Faye and Hannelore would need no introduction, Claire is Marten's girlfriend, Bubbles is a former combat robot and Faye's girlfriend, May is an ex-convict robot and most of her drama comes from the fact that she got a low quality body after she was released, and Roko is a former police officer robot that quit to become an advocate for robotJust because, for me the lowest point in the comic was right after Marten and Dora break up and Marten's mom visits him and does everything to embarass him ([including asking a waitress for her number for Marten and discussing his penis size with her](url) because why not, [doing THIS to Hanners](url) and [showing Faye, Tai anThis reminds me of one of our data analysts. She was in charge of monitoring data stations and reporting their malfunctions so they would get fixed (we do meteorological studies). 

She would report repeatedly that certain stations were not working properly. The rest of the team ignored her. She would send weekly emails for months about these statiI think the problem is that her high points weren't as high as those of Shea and Juju, and her low points were lower. Shea and Juju didn't bomb any challenge, while Cracker at least bombed Snatch Game (although I'll sustain the bottom 2 there were Blair and India), and while she won three challenges she didn't get to the level of Shea's skin runwayI've been rocking the pandemic hairdo. It's been the longest I've had my hair in a decade or more, and I've noticed that the days I use gel I shed a lot more hair than the days I don't. 

I think it may be because those are also the days I have to wash it more thoroughly, which means more force applied to the hair, but just in case it's the gel, I A couple thoughts:

No time at all on how they record the song? I think they could have saved at least a couple minutes for this. 

The final runaway with all the queens is a great idea. Make this happen in all the seasons. All of them. 

Jujube's and Blair's dresses for the final runway were EVERYTHING. Shea was... I dunno, I wouldn't say up to thLeft to right, top to bottom: 

Toot, looks beautiful and elaborate. Toot, she looks amazing on it. Boot, it just looks url Beautiful and sexy.

Shoot to the moon and the stars. Toot. It's an amazing url Boot. 

Boot. (I guess you can imagine I wasn't a fan of the buterfly look). Boot, looks a bit stiff and bulky. Boot, I like the concept but theI'm gonna say ESH. 

If this was a guy singing about his ex and his wife was upset, everyone would be calling him an asshole and saying that he should have taken in account her feelings. Same thing. You have feelings to and everyone here is acting like they don't matter. And to be honest, I think it's the kind of thing your wife should have consideI've seen sometimes in which, if a man is extremely aroused and laying in a certain position, his balls may ride up the base of his penis, one in each side, and move up and down repeatedly, but it's certainly not vibration and they're certainly not doing it against each other.  (it's hard to describe, but since you said you don't want a visual examThat movie felt like they were trying to see how many fantastic ideas they could waste in a single movie. 

No, seriously. The economic impact of reducing people, using it as a political repression tool, prejudice about it, the environmental impact, there is a incredibly potential there that they just decided not to use in favor of cheap jokes and &gt; The judicial ignoring a rigged election

Wasn't that what happened with the Mueller Report and the impeachment?

&gt; If that's your standard then democracy has been broken literally your entire life, because people still have shit happen like getting thrown in jail for months for having powder on them that turns out to be preworkout or somethBecause their current structure gave them a lot of gold medals and somehow successful results count more than anything including the welfare of the very athletes that gain these medals. 

Funnily enough, Simone Biles had a coach that tried to shield her as much as possible from some abusive practices (mostly from the Karolyis, who were the heads ofOkay, OP. I know you got a lot of backlash for this and I would think it's deserved, and I honestly think this post is well above reddit's pay grade, but I wanted to end this in a less negative note because... well, that's what we should do:

You can at least try to stop being an asshole. You can start right now. I know right now you're in a situatContinúo porque me pasé del límite en el otro comentario. 

Corrupción - Algo en lo que el peje tiene razón es que la corrupción es un problema muy grande en el país y que dificulta mucho . En lo que está mal es en que eso se puede acabar por decreto. Haría falta una campaña gigantesca y de años para ir disminuyéndola, tanto desde el punto de vistaCombining birthdays that are more than a month apart (February to April) is dumb enough already. Getting angry that your friends threw you a party is even dumber. And disinviting you from a celebration that, according to them, is supposed to be for you as well... boy. NTA. 

My cousin and I have our birthdays four days apart. We stopped having combLos puntos más importantes: 

Edito para poner un punto que siento que es fundamental: Casi cualquier acción que pueda tomarse para estabilizar el país parte, primero que nada, de las políticas públicas. Son las herramientas que usa un gobierno para pasar de principios y objetivos generales a acciones y resultados concretos. Una parte muy importantI admit I find some height-related qualities attractive. If a hot guy is much taller than me or much shorter than me I get a big kick inside, but I need to see it in person for it to work. Just reading the number does exactly nothing for me, and what works is not height, it's more like the differential. 

(And it works much more with shorter guys. On a phone is tricky because (if I understand things correctly) they are set to work with AMP because that's what AMP was designed for. I did it from my computer and it's automatic, and summoning the AmputatorBot usually gives you the link but for some reason it doesn't work here. 

Now, checking the structure of the link you had, I think if you pa[Ruth Lorenzo has entered the chat](url)

Now, as far as I know the secret was basically giving TVE the boot and doing it all herself because she knew that TVE wouldn't do their job. She knew it was her chance and wasn't going to let some lazy TV executives ruin it.

Edit: Also, [El Sueño de Morfeo](url) had overall a good staging (Which is remarkaI'm always surprised by how dumb Ben Garrison thinks his readers are. The way he labels his comics to an inch of inexistence simply because he doesn't think his readers will understand them otherwise is impressive. 

Take that first comic, for example. If he trusted his readers he would not need to put "free speech" when there is already a foot cruI'm gonna be with /u/Jonathanese here.

There is sexualization of men just as there is sexualization of women, but there is another huge objectification of men that is rarely talked about. 

The objectification of women consists in treating them as sex objects, and that's why "objectification" is kinda considered synonymous with "sexualization" or Well, some people spoke about black queens the way others speak about Cracker. And there are guys defending them and saying that the fandom is horrible to black queens and no one defends them, unlike Cracker who has a bunch of stans that jump to her defense the second anyone says something bad about her. 

Overall I'd say the fandom can be horribleI live in Mexico City. I go to a market every two weeks to buy food. 

They self organized to close most of the entries with masking tape and leave only two entries, in which there is people who only let you pass with a mask, and drop  some alcohol gel in your hands before you enter. They did it themselves, without any outsider help. 

Fuck Walmart1) Strongly agree: if All Stars happens at the same frequency than regular seasons, on time nearly all the queens in the show will have been on All Stars. I think every two or three regular seasons would be better. 

2) Agree. Also, having a larger pool of queens to choose makes sure you invite the ones that are absolutely ready to be there. 

3) YOnce I read an analysis about Simone Biles in the vault events in gymnastics. 

Edit: adding a bit of mansplaining here for people who may not be entirely familiar with how gymnastics are scored: Every vault has a predetermined difficulty value in the code of points, and all gymnasts that perform the vault successfully get the full difficulty valueLinks for verification: 

[Here's the 400m event for women in Rio.](url)

[And here's the 400m event for men.](url)

Ledecky won the final and set a world record with a time 3:56.46 

The last place in the men's final had 3:49.07. There were seven men that were better and none of them even set any kind of record. 

That time (let's remember, a womeI'm gonna risk the downvotes here:

Everyone who thinks its wrong to bring Kennedy back for a song that isn't right for her is missing the point. 

Just stop to think how many queens have shashayed because they had to lipsync to a song that wasn't right for them and could have stayed with another song. That happens. You're supposed do what you can I have a simple question for you: What does he gain from moving in with you, compared to his current situation? He would be commuting longer and paying the same. 

You talk about the fairness of the end situation, but try a little bit to see the fairness in the CHANGE for him. You would benefit a lot from moving together, but he wouldn't benefit atI would say we can link to the comic when we're discussing it, but when posting updates or anything, reuploading the comics. 

One thing I've seen that I'm personally against would be hotlinking (i.e: link directly to the image, so we use up his bandwith without giving him ad revenue). In general, I think it's a bad principle and I'm against doing I'm gonna say YTA. It seems to me like you're not willing to give a single inch on this negotiation, while he's trying at least a bit to find a compromise. Your only compromise seems to be having things exactly your way, and seem to believe than "your costs going down" and "his costs not going up" are on equal footing. 

Consider your situation rigAnd it's still better than Do It For Your Lover. [Here's Manel at the national final.](url)

But when two of the three judges belong to the same recording company as Manel and one of them spent the weeks before the NF promoting the song in his program, and coincidentally those two judges gave bottom marks to Mirela, the result was decided before th&gt; But if you really don't care that much about planes I guess they all look like a "conical cylinder with wings"

Wait... they have wings?

Nah, just kidding. You pretty much described what happens. In my mind I have a "plane" category and they all fit in there and my brain doesn't get to the point of subdividing it. 

You just got me to google 