Hey hi! I had fasting sugars like you did after diagnosis and with some time and care I’ve gotten my a1c down to 5.0 and I’m off medication! 

Ok so you need metformin. Just to help you out, it’s a life saver. Honestly call the doctor that diagnosed you and tell them a week of your sugar readings, fasting, after meals and before bed. I honestly donI thanked my vet after he put down my cat bc I spent 15 years with that cat, he was my son, and seeing someone treat him with kindness and dignity at the end really helped. He told me I made the right decision, for 9 months I had been holding on to Calvin putting him in diapers and giving him pain meds every morning and night. 

Molesworth, if you’It’s so odd! I had a black cat for 15 years, my boy Calvin - he was so thick and hefty! When I found this little lady I was so sure she was barely a kitten bc of how light she is. I just worry abt her eating too little, I’m an anxious person. I had to say goodbye to Calvin last year and when she ran up to me I felt like Calvin was telling me it’s oYou don’t have to go full Keto but low carb is deff the way to go. Keto foods can be used for like good replacements (keto ice cream is pretty good actually!) 

I was diagnosed at 28 this year with an a1c of 10 and brought it down to 5.0 with metformin, staying around 50 carbs a day, and incorporating 30 minute walks into my routine. Now I’m off thGet out of those Facebook groups. Join the diabetic discord. Yes there’s more t1s than t2s there but they’re way way way more forgiving and understanding. It’s against the rules there to “carb shame” no matter what type of diabetic you are. I was talking in there saying how I like to keep to around 50 carbs a day but sometimes I go over by a littleYou’re gonna be ok once you get this in control I promise! I was probably undiagnosed for a few years and when I was diagnosed they said my a1c was 10 and my blood sugar at the time was 300. I made some changes and now my a1c is 5.0. I was 28 as well. 

Go out and buy a cheap meter, strips, and lancet. You’re gonna have to relearn what your body wiThis is normal and excellent! You’re doing well! Keep it up! I’m proud of you! 

Keep up your water intake and limit the carbs and you’re gonna do great! I did the same thing when I was diagnosed and I went from an a1c of 10 to 5.0 in 4 months. You’ll be off meds if you keep this up! (No shame if you aren’t but if that’s your goal you’re in the rigThank you, again I’m so not mad at you for this - I can only imagine the kind of pain you went through. I know you must care a lot about us as diabetics as an extension of your love for your father.

 I just hate being hit with sudden anxiety especially after I eat, it makes the stomach upset and my head ache. 

I hope your day gets better, I hope I’m not trying to attack you, honestly I’m sympathetic to your loss. 

However, I am a young type 2 diabetic - I let my depression get me to a really unhealthy place and I developed diabetes, that’s on me. Since my diagnosis I have done everything I can to manage my blood sugar and went from a 10 a1c to a 5.0. 

I also have extreme health anxiety. So I was diagnosed my a1c was 10 and I was averaging 240 without knowing it, when I found out and changed everything hitting 170 made me feel like I was dying. I was so confused, tired, dizzy, I cried to my family begging them to watch me while I slept so I didn’t die in my sleep that’s how sure I was my heart was just going to stop. I called my frOh there’s so many, I love parmesan crusted chicken with a nice salad that has a few berries and maybe a couple apple slices! I also enjoy this Shirataki noodle dish I make with pesto and shrimp and imitation crab and feta with some black olives and broccoli! Keto mug cakes have been saving my life during my period same for Enlightened mint chocolaIt will be you in a few months. I know it will be! It took me a while to get through the shock but once it’s done you’ll get through this, and you’ll still be able to enjoy a lot of good food!

I try to stick to under 50 carbs a day and get in at least one 20-30 minute walk. It’s that easy to begin and you’ll feel in control. They make keto pancakeHello! I was diagnosed before my 29th birthday on February 4th this year! It’s likely I’ve had diabetes for a few years before this (I ignored symptoms stupidly and just thought I was just a very committed hydrohomie lmao!) I wouldn’t have even known if I hadn’t gone in the hospital for decompression bc of my anxiety, my a1c was 10 and I immediatelWet and Wild liquid eyeliner is a dollar at the dollar tree, get yourself a tube and practice your eyeliner game with something cheap before springing for anything more expensive. It’s been my go to for years I’ll never go for a more expensive brand just bc of how good it is tho! 

Don’t spend too much on makeup right away you don’t need to when yoI get this, my family mostly makes me feel like it isn’t as real because of all the changes i made so quickly. I have health anxiety pretty bad, constantly worrying. 

When I was diagnosed in February my a1c was 10 and I did a complete 180 on my life. I quit smoking immediately, cut my carb intake to around 50 a day, started walking more and droppeChickpeas are delicious! I missed them when I was in my panic zero carb mode after diagnosis, I’m not even vegan or vegetarian but chickpeas and lima beans are some of my favorite foods! Don’t cut them out of your life, insulin resistance changes day to day too based on activity, some days I’ll go a little high from the same meal I was at 98 with tYeah my family have always been boarderline hoarders, my grandparents started it, mostly my grandfather who even after 8 years of his passing I’m still cleaning up after. His parents lived through the Great Depression which traumatized them. My dad is used to this kind of stuff and goes through the trash I put out just to make sure nothing importanHonestly I grew up in a house kinda like this. It fucks with your self esteem and socialization as a kid. I was never allowed to have friends over and when I went over to friends houses I wondered why we couldn’t have a nice place like them. Then you just kinda perpetuate it bc it’s easier to go with the flow than fight it. Me and my family are doiYou could tell he was like what’s wrong with you when you put it on him but once it was on he was like...well, this is my life now I guess. 

After he lost use of his back legs my dad tried to rile me up and say, “look he’s not even useful anymore he can’t catch mice!” The next day he caught three, almost like he wanted to prove his worth still. ;-He escaped the house once, by pushing out the side of the air conditioner and managed to get back in. This is when he was really young. I found out because he brought a dead bird back for me, sat it on my multicolor pink shag rug (a hand me down from my aunt I swear) and when I saw it he went and sat by it like he was proud of himself. I was horrifYes! I love talking about him! I got him at 13, I was determined to get a black cat after I heard they don’t get adopted easily. He had an upper respiratory infection when we met him at the shelter so he was separated from the other cats, he hid in the corner of his cage and as soon as I saw him I loved him.

I had him for 16 years, he was just a cOh I totally know that he was rare but we live on a farm and definitely give off a “yes we have guns” vibe, we’ve never had trick or treaters or anything but we did have some kind of unstable people wander into our fields over the years so that’s what I’m thinking of, also I’m just a very anxious person so of course my mind goes to the worst possibHonestly if it were me talking to the police I’d ask if there was an amendment to the law that says certain clothing, listed and documented, allows someone to touch you without permission and that I’d withdrawal my complaint if they could show me said list. And I’d make it sound like I was genuinely trying to learn. 

Bc yanno any other crime admitI accidentally got removed bc of something I typed I know exactly what it was so I won’t type it again

My bf in high school was the quiet outcast type that people would make some mean jokes abt, but he was always really nice and genuine and a huge nerd so I would keep slipping my hand into his during science so he’d blush, I love that nerd goth soWhen I was a teenager I caught a feral kitten, I socialized it, I bathed it, I domesticated that little girl and she’d fall asleep in my lap purring. One day when I got home from school I went into the basement and started making kissy sounds and shaking the bag of food for my kitten, Reese, to come out and see me like she always did when I got homI’m so not ashamed of this phase I just think it’s funny bc if you saw my school pic from the year earlier i was the complete opposite, the weird girl finally broke through and it was glorious! I love this version of myself, she let herself be whatever she wanted without caring! I wear a lot of pink now but I still keep my piercings and my dyed haiI keep saying this every time I’ve come here, the most attracted I’ve ever been to a man was a guy who was 5’2 with a great personality, a kind heart, and the prettiest brown eyes I’ve ever seen. The only reason I didn’t go after him was bc he was already taken. By a girl who was 5’6-5’7. Short men can be hot, but if they have a shit attitude abt tCmon man, you know a lot of men don’t *lust* after fat women, at least not openly out of fear of being ridiculed, I’m saying that as a fat girl. At least I’ve never experienced it. The most I’ve heard is the moped joke. That I’d be fun to ride at least until the friends saw me. 

And I have quite a few friends who are skinny and cute who express thNot to be rude but what planet do you live on? 

When I wanted to date it was lose weight, whiten your teeth, straighten your hair every day, make sure you shave the peach fuzz off your face and arms, dress better! Take out your piercings (some men don’t like that!) and maybe consider getting a manicure! Also learn to walk in heels and get a waist I had auditory hallucinations and visual ones just with depression and sleep deprivation. My anxiety would help trigger them too. Mine was my dad calling for me but when I’d go check on him he’d be asleep. I have a fear of someone hiding in my basement and every time I’d pass the basement door it would be slightly open then I look closer and it’s cIt’s actually against the religion to fast if your health would be severely impacted by it during Ramadan. Some people still try, I’m diabetic and saw there’s someone in the diabetic discord trying to convince their diabetic mother they shouldn’t fast during Ramadan. 

I’m not Muslim but I did participate in high school with my friend since she wasI remember when I got my first period, I lived with my parents and grandparents in the same house, my grandma wouldn’t let me keep my box of pads on the back of the toilet because my grandfather would have to see it and “ladies don’t do that” I figured he already knew what a period was why hide it? And she just got madder and threw them under the sYou’re gonna be ok! I promise! I was surprised by my diagnosis too, I was 28 and only found out bc I went to the hospital for decompression bc my high sugar was causing me bad anxiety. I’m 3 months since diagnosis, my blood sugar is stable and I’ve already lost 17 pounds. You can do this! 

Please, consider joining the diabetic discord. You’ll findIt’s...okish, it doesn’t feel bad putting it on and it doesn’t look terrible from a distance but up close I feel like it’s patchy on me and makes me look like I have texture? My skincare is good, my skin is smooth and I moisturize and prime before I put it on but it eventually looks spotty on me up close. I get the dots like you said. I use it for I’m assuming, but they barely fed the girl, so much so that she dug through trash for food. Starvation combined with extreme stress from abuse would stop her period. 

Someone said that it was possible her hymen was still intact which I doubt since there was an account of one time she was forced to assault herself with a coke bottle. I hate thinkinLouis - you know that severe hyper competent glasses boy every anime has? They’re usually my favorite. Louis is just that character without glasses. I love those characters bc they’re literally ALWAYS hiding some tragic story and they are 3 seconds away from snapping and losing their shit yet they keep it together. I love that idk man I just love tI am sorry that perspective was pushed on you, It’s really not fair, and really fucked up. You’re not less of anything bc you haven’t followed someone else’s timeline tho, that’s what I’m trying to say. You can think that I’m not sorry all you want but the whole reason I post here is bc I hate that mindset and want people to challenge it. A bad expAnd who told you that? Like really, everyone acts like we’re living in a 90s early 00s film where if you’re a 20 yr old virgin you’re a huge loser who everyone can tell is a virgin right away. No ones asked me, no ones pointed at me and said you’re a virgin! And no ones pressured me to lose it. If you’re hanging out with people who are doing these Hey! This was my experience too! Like, literally nearly exactly my experience. I was diagnosed on Feb 4th! My bg was 300 and I had an a1c of 10 just like you! I was probably undiagnosed for a few years (I distinctly remember a few times in 2017 when my mouth was a desert no matter how much water I drank and I could not stop peeing but I thought it If anything i think it’s better if you’re awkward now when people are more mature. I’d rather have my first time in my 30s with someone else who’s in their 30s who isn’t gonna be peer pressured into telling their friends abt my body or how I was, yanno? We all fear missing out but teenagers are fickle, judgy, and sometimes just mean. At least when I actually did the same thing with Bailey Sarian, she was using the milk foundation stick and said it was in a certain shade and I kept looking at it while she was putting it on like hey that looks similar to my shade I think. When describing my shade it’s nearly always the shade that’s “light with neutral undertones” so I go look up the shade BailThis is how I got diagnosed. 

I was only eating one big meal a day, dinner and afterwards my anxiety would spike so bad I’d have a panic attack every night. My advocate told me to check myself into the hospital for decompression, I did and they were like hey your blood sugar is 300, you’re diabetic. 

Since lowering my bg I don’t experience nightlSo I probably went undiagnosed for a few years, t2 and I only got diagnosed on February 4th, I’m 29. I have pcos and high blood pressure, I’m working on it but I don’t have any complications so far. I’ve lost 13 pounds so far. 

However, my grandma is t2 and has been for 20 years. She didn’t care and didn’t treat herself well since she was diagnoseIt came after a lot of crying a lot of blaming myself. I was prediabetic since 20, I was probably diabetic for a few years before I was diagnosed in February. 
I didn’t know abt the genetic link til I was diagnosed, turns out my grandma and uncles I’m estranged from all have it and my grandma is at stage 4 kidney failure bc she didn’t do anything aSo I was 300 pounds at one point but I also have a genetic link and pcos, so like, yeah I felt like it was my fault but I most likely would have gotten this anyway. I really don’t give a fuck if anyone tried to shame me now, they’re ignorant, I’m trying to be healthy. Life throws things at people, I’m not the one making people feel like they deservI'm a younger type 2 when I meet another type 2 younger than 40 I'm immediately like we are friends now let's discuss tips and such, I'm only a few months into my dx, I felt like shit for developing this early despite knowing there's a genetic component(my grandma and all 3 uncles have type 2) and I was kinda screwed by pcos so when someone else isI either have a fruit parfait made with berries and two good yogurt or one of those protein pack versions of just crack an egg for breakfast. It depends on my fasting numbers which I reach for. If I'm 120 something I go for the just crack an egg if I'm lower I go for the parfait.

For lunch it's usually a salad, spinach, feta, chicken, pistachios, Didn’t see people saying “thanks Yanks” during swine flu and that started here in America.

If people would study a little epidemiology, just the tiniest bit, they’d realize viruses mutate on their own constantly. This could have popped up anywhere, literally anywhere in the world. 

And don’t give me that bat bullshit, you know there’s people in tYour non dominant hand gives you better readings but don’t do it on the same finger multiple times ): switch fingers often do a rotation. 

I was dizzy when I started getting lower sugars and taking care of myself but I felt normal at high sugars. I also felt tired at high sugar levels. Dizzy was when I dropped from 300 to 170 over a few days and dDo you have diabetes? Are you an endocrinologist? 

Type 1 is an autoimmune disease, you don’t classify depending on if insulin is needed or not. I think you’re talking about Type 1.5 or LADA with lean diabetic people who have damaged beta cells. Type 2 has a genetic component, otherwise every overweight person in the world would have it except theMy origin story: was raised by a Christian man who didn’t want a whore for a daughter. He spent years telling me men only want one thing and that thing was a special gift so special that if I lost it before marriage I wouldn’t be special anymore. Then they’d leave me once they had it. Then my parents got divorced and my brain went: even marriage isIt’s so fucking funny to me bc again, I gotta say, I’m a 29 yr old virgin woman. I also have facial piercings and green hair. Their idea of a virgin woman is usually a 12 yr old girl. 

I’ve spent hours before talking with incels trying to get them to see the flaws in their logic by coming forward with the fact that I’m an older virgin that doesn’tThis was brought up in the Baby Albert experiment. Would there be extinction once the behavior stopped or would it be ingrained in the child for the rest of their life? PTSD and anxiety disorders however don’t experience extinction. Someone else brought up that children who aren’t touched develop antisocial personality disorder as well as detachmenI have bad anxiety. Like super bad anxiety. Ever since I was a kid I’ve been looking up gore because I wanted to know how bad things could be. Somehow knowing how horrible a situation can get made me feel more prepared? 

It’s totally not helpful, I’ve also used it to trigger my own anxiety attacks just to check if I still had emotions (an obsessiv-dozen eggs
-maybe a half a cup of milk depending on how fluffy you like your eggs add more
- spices 
-cooked sausage cut up (I used 2 packs of jimmy dean bc I needed to use em before they went bad lol) but you can totally use one pack or whatever
-shredded cheese
-cut up cherry tomatoes, spinach and broccoli

Grease your crockpot first, most of thA little bit. Sometimes it’s just our brains. I’m clinically depressed, I’m also very anxious, I don’t want to die - I’m scared of it. Sometimes intrusive thoughts decide to pop up telling me it’d be very easy to kill myself in this way or that. But I have no plan. Still these thoughts can be stressful or upsetting. Consider talking to someone abouI mean, there was that whole thing about the brain dead mom being kept alive so the twins she were carrying would live. 

But if the mom died and the baby was remotely viable they’d attempt to remove the baby like a premie baby yanno? At least that’s how I think it happens. It would have to be in the hospital, and it’s not easy just look at the casI don’t do net carbs bc I feel like it doesn’t work for me easily. I would probably get the peaches with no sugar and have them for breakfast but I don’t count calories as much as I worry abt carbs and sugar, dipping pork rinds in queso sounds so decadently bad-for-you I gotta try it! I’ve been having salads and wraps and fish I need something crunType 2 

I felt like betrayed by my own body. I hate it, but I can admit it did make me take my life seriously and i want to live now. I was diagnosed at 28 and I felt like I failed myself somehow. I didn’t even know it ran in my family bc my mom is estranged from us and we barely talk. Once I told her she told me how her brothers and my grandma alI remember being on /b/ once and seeing legit CP and feeling extremely ill. Like I was a kid going on url after summer camp because I was curious but that fucked me up and made me feel hopeless bc there was literally nothing I could do to help that kid. /b/ was all stupid shit and edge-lord jokes til then. 

Then there was the time I saw necrophili