You can always upgrade later for the same $8k. He usually gives us plenty of heads up before the price increases. Just wait till the next price increase announcement and upgrade over the air right before it increases. That'll give you a bit more time to save up for it.

Whether it's worth it or not depends on you. If you're the type that expects itAuto park actually works pretty well. I think what you're referring to is the car finding the parking spot before you put it in reverse? Mine is horrible with that but what I usually do is I get in position and when I put it in reverse, it always give me the "start" option for autopark and handles it pretty good. I do it all the time and it works pI really like this play. Unless someone can see something I'm missing, it makes a lot of sense. You can cover $11.2k worth of collateral for $150/mo if you buy 3 of the $9 Feb 2021 LEAP. You can probably play with the numbers to make it work even better but I think this is a pretty good way to protect yourself from blowing up your account on a markOk, now you're talking. I like this strategy and will look into it. So you buy SRTY calls as far out as you can?

My idea was to get something like that which will be minimal cost if nothing crazy happens, but if the market does crash, then I can sell it for a nice profit and offset any losses of my current trades. I'd probably close all my trades Obviously to protect and serve. When things get out of hand, it's not easy to think clearly and make the perfect decisions. They didn't shoot him to serve justice, they shot him because the situation clearly got out of their control and that seemed like the last resort. In hindsight, it probably wasn't but for them at that point it probably seemed Oh, that makes sense! Very interesting, so I would use 1/4 of the capital I'd normally use for collateral in each week. That way, after 4 weeks I'd have my normal amount in play. Gives you the benefit of long term DTE but you can still "adjust" your plays every week in case the market does something unexpectedly. You're also just risking 1/4 of youI don't get people that keep making this argument. It's not for everyone. I paid for FSD and am 100% happy with it. I didn't get it because I am expecting it to completely drive by itself with no human interaction any time soon. I got it because I love technology and getting these updates is worth it for me. When I got the traffic light stopping upWell, definitely not complete FSD. The whole FSD feature will be released in small chunks. Stop sign, red light recognition, stop sign/ red light 3d rendering, actually stopping at some intersections, left turns, roundabouts, etc. All these are small steps towards FSD that will be released in the next few years.

I believe all he's saying it's thatI was 31 and worked in my previous field for 10 years. The how is a pretty long story but I never did a bootcamp or anything. I taught myself and did projects to solidify what I learned and push myself. I think that helped because I was able to speak about those during interviews instead of my lack of experience. 

I put myself out there and it turA lot of people here talk about job hopping every 2-3 years. Have any of you had regrets? Going to something that ended up being worse than your previous place?

I am pretty comfortable where I'm at and have no need to go anywhere else besides a jump in salary. The only thing really preventing me from looking is the fear of starting over in a worseI bought FSD and for me it was worth it because I love getting in "early" with tech. To each his own.

However, for people in general my advice would be just wait until he announces another price increase. If it's anything like the past, he'll release a major update and then give a date for when the price increase will go into effect. Wait for the I didn't see that part about the auction being held by Tesla. That's interesting because my understanding is that Tesla always removes FSD from their used vehicles (2017+) that they sell. 

The article isn't clear about whether or not the dealer bought it with FSD. It mentions the new owner did, but did Tesla actually tell them it had FSD enabled? Nobody is shunning away. I just don't agree that Tesla shouldn't have removed it. I'm betting that if they had checked the VIN with Tesla, it would not have shown FSD.

Yes, it's an expensive car. If I'm paying that much for a used car, you bet I'm going to confirm with the manufacturer that I'm getting what I'm paying for. I guarantee you that nonSo you're saying just because nobody except the original owner, knew that FSD was never paid for, Tesla should leave the feature on for free? To me, that doesn't make any sense. Yes, it sucks for the new owner and he should hold the dealer liable for not doing their due diligence, but Tesla did nothing wrong here.

The dealership should have verifiI think I might have resolved my issue at least. If anyone else is having the same exact noise issue, try tapping on the manual door opener latch. When I did, it would chirp. I messed with it some more and now the chirping is completely gone. 

My guess is that something was loose there and now it's making better contact. Don't know for sure but I Figured out something interesting today about this noise. It does this whenever there is a bump or movement by the door. Every time I tap that area on the door, I hear the "chirps". That's why I only noticed it while driving, because the vibration of the road would trigger it.

It's hard to hear it but I tried to make another video to see if anyoneFunny, just yesterday I had my scariest range anxiety trip. I left with 100% charge because I knew it would be close and we were going somewhere with no superchargers in sight for a while. Long story short, I made it back to a supercharger with 2 miles left. The only reason I made it was because I found a Volta charger on my way to the superchargerNot just because of the car, but I love the whole mission of Tesla as a company. Energy in general is something I'm oddly passionate of. As a software developer, technology fascinates me. I'm not a car guy, but I'm a succor for anything high tech. I love seeing the progress of new tech, which is why I bought the FSD package. Buying a Tesla was a noIt actually came out to be cheaper than I was expecting in my case. With the money I saved up for the down payment plus the money I got after selling my old car (sold it myself instead of doing a trade in because I got more for the car that way), my loan payments came down to $386/mo. Then, instead of paying off what was left on my old car loan (itThat's very interesting. That reminds me of the prediction algorithms that Waymo uses to predict what moving objects are going to do. If a cyclist puts his hand out, the computer will predict that it's going to turn and anticipate that turn. 

I would assume it probably does something similar for cars when it sees a car turn on its blinker. It trieI think Elon would've tweeted this before this guy would be able to state that.

Having said that, I don't agree with people judging where we are by comparing or current state. Our current state had no bearing on what the current state is in development. We can have a release tomorrow that enables stops on stop signs and traffic lights. Elon's had FSD? Yea, I mean we're close with highway driving but years away to handle most city streets. Not sure how he was expecting to be feature complete by now. City streets is an incredibly difficult problem. Can't wait to see the first iteration of City street driving though. The first version should be coming out soon hopefully. My guess is probably jI don't think cost was the only issue Elon had with lidar. He described it as a "crutch". A way to get to FSD faster but in the long run, have limitations which would make it redundant when the vision part is figured out. 

He wants to focus on vision +radar because in the long run it will have too much overlap with lidar. Why waste all that time aThanks for the course! I think it's great actually to take courses from different approaches. You learn a bit from each and dive deep into the parts that interest you. 

Deep learning fascinates me. That's a big part of self driving so most courses cover that. It's pretty awesome how you can build a software that will learn to solve a problem and gThat's overly negative. I mean even today we can drive our Tesla's for longer than 10 minutes without having to intervene. Even when we do have to, it doesn't cause an accident and kill someone. That's just a silly argument you're throwing out there. When we have to intervene, the car gives you ample time and notice so you can do so safely. Maybe iThat's just crazy talk now. How many people are dying every day because we don't have FSD? You're saying it's better to prolong the rollout of FSD and let people continue to die needlessly than to slowly roll it out and accept that people will still make mistakes but we'll have significantly less deaths?

1.25 million people die every year in the rYou've got me there. I've been worried about the same thing to be honest. I paid for FSD and consider myself lucky to have hw3. I'll be extremely pissed if (when?) they come out and say that FSD isn't possible with my car. 

But at the same time, I don't expect to see the final version of FSD come out while I still own this car. I think the final vWho said Elon's on his own? I don't think anyone is believes he's doing it on his own. He's got some of the most talented engineers working for him trying to pull this off. I'll tone down the praise here so you stop thinking I'm worshiping him. Most people don't confuse praise for worshiping but apparently you don't see the difference. He's definitI respect your position. I wouldn't call us "delusional" though. Hopeful, maybe but not delusional. People have said that about Elon and tons of other extremely smart people. And to be honest, maybe he is a bit crazy. But crazy people have done some pretty amazing things, including Nikola Tesla himself. Crazy as a bat, but he was able to think outsReminds me of the CD vs mini disk battle, DVD vs HD-DVD wars, etc. Everyone had their opinion on what will succeed. Sometimes it's not even about the "better" technology but the one that captures the market better. My vote is definitely Tesla. Not because I completely understand their approach, but I love their business model and mission statement.I think the incremental upgrades we've been getting is proof we're going the right direction. Once we get to feature complete, there will be even more proof of us getting to level 4 but I definitely understand we're a long way from level 4 on any road. There's just way too many variables. But I do think that with Tesla's fleet and all the data theyOk, just cuz I have a few minutes. No hard feelings, we're totally allowed to disagree.

#1 you said waymo is doing their tests in a small geographical area because it was the only way? Tesla is literally proving your wrong there.

#2 never meant to say that Tesla is dwarfing waymo's success. Waymo is doing great, just a different approach.

#3 I tSub or thread? Subs great, this thread just got a bit out of hand. Waymo and Tesla just have totally different approaches to FSD. They've both made great progress but I think towards different directions. Waymo targeting commercial markets and Tesla targeting the consumer market with an eventual flow into the commercial market. 

I just think TeslaIt's different because it's a lot more expensive and not designed for consumers. It's totally different. 

Just because Tesla hasn't released FSD doesn't mean they don't have it working. They're way further along than what we currently have out on the streets.

Tesla would not be able to make the impact that they are making in the Auto industry if It's crazy how many points we disagree with. I think it'll be similar to homes. Some people like renting, others like owning. Not owning a car makes a lot of sense in certain cities, but can you imagine depending on robotaxis in remote areas where you'd have to wait an hour for it to get to you? Having your own car just makes so much more sense in I was speaking of Tesla's FSD which isn't limited to predefined geographical areas where engineers have to enter tons of manual data for it to work. Their FSD isn't meant to work for the mass consumer market. It's mainly for commercial use where Tesla's FSD is aimed at the general public and not constrained by any geographical area. 

In the long rIt is too early to claim the victory, FSD didn't exist. But I think we're going to realize he was right about it. I may be wrong, but usually when Elon isn't right about something, he fails fast and tries again. Think of the hyper loop. He has changed gears there so much. So far, he's been dead set about FSD and hasn't changed gears. After all the I guess you're right. There are some women in this community that'll definitely buck that trend, but my wife isn't very tech minded to begin with so can't really expect her to understand my excitement for these things.

I'm just glad I was finally able to get her on board with my purchase. I wouldn't have made such a large purchase without her beinI think you missed my point. I was saying that even using the brake pedal, it might be using regen at the beginning. 

The regen you referred to is only if you have hold mode. But even in hold mode, when the car completely stops and engages the brakes, I don't believe it uses the brake pedal.

Main point is, I don't believe the brake pedal is direcI didn't mean that as a work around. I suggested that so you can see what your range will be when you don't need to use the cabin heater anymore (outside of the winter months).

Unless you're in an area that you will be using the cabin heaters most of the year, I think it's silly to make a decision like that just because your range will be shorter I'm guessing the main cause for this is heavy use of cabin heater. So you're giving up the car because the range will be somewhat shorter during the cold months where you're using the cabin heater a lot? 

Since you probably won't be able to wait till summer, try driving by only preheating the car and using the heated seats without the cabin heaterDisruptors usually come from the outside. Apple wasn't in the cellphone business, Uber wasn't in the taxi business, Airbnb had no history in hospitality. Tesla is no different. They are doing so much better because they are able to think outside the box. Unlike your normal car manufacturers that think they need to stay in their "normal" bounds (whiYesterday I was driving with autopilot on and was almost rear ended because my Tesla didn't foresee that the traffic in front of me was almost a dead stop. We were going 70+ mph and the car waited until the last minute to slam on the breaks and maintain our "follow" distance. 

My question is, shouldn't the car anticipate slow downs like this? Or dHave you tried using the energy app to show you what your estimated range is due to your driving habits? I'm willing to bet if you really wanted to, you can get 240+ easily with your model 3 even though it's saying less than that when you charge to 100%. The estimate that it gives you on the battery bar is calculated very differently than the energEven if we were able to trick the autopilot with simple tricks (YouTube claims it can be done), how could people fall asleep with it? Blows my mind because it's no where near being ready for that. There's just too many things that can happen. I have FSD and I don't feel comfortable looking away for very long at all. I'm constantly verifying that thBill is incredibly smart and has an immense amount of resources not to mention time to really vet these ideas out. That's pretty much all be does now, so I wouldn't be so quick to dismiss them. If he thinks it's a possible solution, he can probably make a really good case for it. I mean, Warren Buffet has even backed him up with considerable investOk, yes that's significant then. I've seen mathematical calculations put out there that make it seem like it wasn't much but if you're seeing actual data, that trumps their calculations.

Electrician's around me are wanting to charge $300 just for the new line. Seems a bit high, but still will be worth it in the long run if I will be charging everyHonestly, I don't care to make any profit with this. Just want to make these files available for people to download if they need. If you don't have access to a 3d printer, I'd be more than happy to send you some if you pay shipping. 

I just need help with at least some pictures so I can try and re-create them. I've only seen pictures of them closeHomelink auto close flakey?

I'm having a hard time getting homelink to consistently work correctly. I have no problem with it auto opening (usually), but I have much less success rate with the auto close in the sense that it doesn't even try.

I think the only times it does work is if I open the garage door from the wall switch in my garage. If I That's what I don't get. I can see people debating $2k to go to a stealth, but $8-$10k to go from SR+ to LR AWD? That's pretty much a different class altogether. If you can afford it, it's a not a question. Go for the LR. If it's a stretch, it's not worth it in my opinion. The SR+ is an amazing car and if that's all your budget can afford, you won'I think if you buy all these features without this mindset, you'll probably be disappointed. My wife still doesn't get why I was so excited about this car and has yet to see the "convenience" because it doesn't work perfectly every time. I'm excited seeing the baseline that I started with and seeing the progress it'll be making in the years to comeWary, yes. But I don't agree it shouldn't have been released. I think the reason he released it was to get more data on how people in the real world use it. It's very slow and limited right now so it's not dangerous per say, but it's giving their developers a ton of insights on what things (sometimes stupid) people will do with it. Things that theyTD;DR
Battery will not degrade that fast, so don't take it's estimate as gospel. It's just try to make a guess which depends on a ton of external factors. Drive more conservatively and you'll definitely get more than what it's estimating.


This comes up so much. I'm a new owner but I'm not new to driving EVs. I've learned that the estimated range Wasn't necessarily for the 2020 model since they don't really do releases based on models. But 100% of 2020 models are affected. Early 2019 are not. Here's what I've seen at least on the SR+, though it's definitely not a complete list:

- no frunk hooks
- no dead pedal cover (it's just carpet)
- homelink not pre-installed (this may have been beforeDon't a lot of software engineers have side projects? Sometimes these side projects lead to an additional source of income which then makes that software engineer a business owner. Granted, not full time but there does seem to be a clear path from software engineer to business owner, unlike the examples you gave.

I'm not saying they're the same thComing from a Volt, I can tell you range is night and day difference during the summer. I think it's funny people complaining that they "only" get 250 miles instead of 322 or whatever. With the Volt I got conditioned to charge every night. Unless I'm going on a road trip, there's absolutely no reason for me to worry about range if I'm charging everAccording to the Model 3 manual on page 105 (bottom right) "Limitations and Inaccuracies" of speed assist include 

* Visibility is poor and speed limit signs are not clearly visible (due to heavy rain, snow, fog, etc.).
* Bright light (such as from oncoming headlights or direct sunlight) is interfering with the view of the camera(s).
* Model 3 is I'm in Dallas, TX and I absolutely love the car. So far I haven't seen any of the issues people complain about here. Rain sensor for the wipers worked great today, no crazy defects. Only thing is now I'm looking for more excuses to go out just so I can drive more 🙂

One thing I'll say though is that I overestimated the use of auto pilot. I always kThey don't really do "releases" every year. The car just updates iteratively throughout the year. 2020 VINs started showing up in October but it's not really a model year release. It's more a label than anything. 

I'm sure there will be more changes coming in 2020 so my 2020 model 3 will probably be different than a 2020 model 3 bought in June 202Yes, I'm still in cloud 9. Every time I look in my garage, I can't believe what I see. 🙂

Careful not to focus too much on the disappearing tax credits. Saving a few thousand dollars is insignificant if you can't afford to pay off a $40k debt in 5-6 years. That's over $8k of your annual income.

Often times the fastest way to increase your income i