Shaming should never be used, but unfortunately it's as prevalent in church culture as the typical missionary appearance. I feel above all else, people should remember that Jesus didn't shame people into repentance over even the most egregious of sins, and I don't consider a tattoo a sin. I'm sorry that your wife went through any amount of sufferinMakeup and hair dye are temporary, while tattoos are more often than not permanent. Most people "vehemently against tattoos" are also against more than 1 pair of modest earrings. While it isn't commandment to not get a tattoo or anything else you mentioned, it is church policy. Do what you want, but I personally would advise against tattoos or non-It's hard because it's not just media to watch, but to listen to, read, or play. I wanted to play cyberpunk 2077 for a while, but then I took a step back and asked if that would be a good thing for me spiritually. I find a lot of the concepts interesting, but it basically reached levels of softcore porn and excessive violence that became to much foI left Facebook because I have like 6 friends/family members that would comment on any post I would share and say how I was wrong, even when it wouldn'tbe something controversial or political. One of them is my sister too, and I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to delete them from my friends or just leave Facebook. I chose the latter because I Best way to use reddit is to not use it for politics and use it for hobbies and fandoms. Let me tell you, I can't get enough of r/Aquariums , r/aww, r/battlestations , r/space , or many other meme subreddits. These bring me a lot of satisfaction, and honestly I would suggest removing yourself from news subreddits. Personally, all they do is make meThere is a big difference between firing someone because they are obnoxious, disruptive, rude etc (personality traits) and because they would support a specific ideology. I would argue that religion would have more of an affect on your personality, but we wouldn't discriminate against someone and have them fired because they believe in Allah now woCan? Yeah. Will happen? Unfortunately doubtful. I mean, star trek did it with their reboot trilogy. I think that if it were to happen, it won't happen for several decades.  


Now if the question is "would I like to see it happen?" yeah, I'd love to see it happen. But I think that the best approach to appease the largest portion of the fan base wouSo bastila, jolee, and zaalbar are hard node farms. T3 and mission are cantina farms. If you can, i'd add the 3 hard node farms to your list asap. Otherwise, geos are a solid team, so might as well work on them a bit, it will also get you padme after all.

JKR is amazing for raids, gac, arena, and so much more. Bastila is ok in the meantime, but JKI think that you need JKA for padme to be viable, so if you are making an effort for her you should also make an effort for him.  


Next I'd work toward JKR. You got a ways to go shard farming, but you can start gearing up your JKA and padme teams in the mean time. JKR is an amazing team and can counter almost everything out there with the right c&gt; I personally find that exciting. 

Good for you. :) Enjoy what you want, no matter what people on the internet say.  


Another argument about the force trick etc. is that I think that what was used on Watto was different than Kylo's technique. Qui-Gon was trying to use a less invasive method to encourage Watto to do what he wants, aka, the miWatto is a bad example because even as he said " I'm a Toydarian. Mind tricks don't work on me. Only money." Same happened for Hutts, and it had to do with the species being naturally resistant to force manipulation. And we can probably both agree that if you have a strong enough willpower, you can resist to some extent against force manipulation, Actually in TFA novelization they said that she downloaded Kylo's training when he tried to read her mind and she not only protected her mind (which is hard to do without training in either the force or extreme conditioning, as is the case with Atton) but turned his own force ability on himself and accessed all his memories and made a carbon copy fYeah, I think that most of the backlash against Rey and Kylo's force healing abilities is related to how come other prominent jedi couldn't force heal (Obi-wan with Qui-Gon for example) and part of the reasoning for that imo is basically they didn't spend the force talent point in healing and spent it on all the offensive force abilities. ;)  


ThA few teams/characters I always use and get good results with are:

Traya trio+2 sith (typically maul and dooku), due to traya's unique, debuffs get cleansed at the start of their turn

Geos, that has two cleansers (GBA and poggle)

Recently got wat to 6* and he cleanses on basic and he can fit into any team

Thrawn's special can cleanse and turn mYou are so correct it isn't even funny. They've already contradicted themselves so many times it's hilarious. The novelizations for the sequel trilogy books alone are evidence of this.  


Plus I will fight anyone that thinks that the Bane Trilogy or KOTOR is inferior to anything that has been released as "canon" since the mouse got their hands on I personally disagree with you because it's not like everyone in a community would be attracted to you no matter what gender you are, which is the case in stardew. If you have 8 hearts with all single candidates, all of them will try to flirt with you. This indicates that everyone is bi-sexual, which would be weird to have so many bi-sexuals in a sI know that the biggest reason for this was to make it easier for 1 man to program uni-sexual dialogues and romances, but I personally dislike it when everyone is player-sexual. I don't think any of the marriage candidates showed any bi-sexual desires in their dialogues/interactions prior to romancing the player. I like the approach that Cyberpunk Also a lot of the practices mentioned in the WoW have health benefits. Not saying that it's 100% the best way to live on its own (I've heard that a glass of wine a week or something and a cup of coffee a day can lead to better health.) For me, the best thing for the word of wisdom is teaching how we need to be wise with what we consume, and moderatYeah, I remember watching the waiting for superman documentary and how easily some teachers became absolute crap after getting tenure because they couldn't be fired, only transfered. In my own high school there was an amazing history teacher that was unbiased politically and focused intensely on students defending their stances on different topics My wife is brazilian and she has desperately wanted kids since we got married 4 years ago. We finally decided this year to begin treatments and even though she has a common pregnancy disorder (Polycystic Ovary Syndrome) we have had a hard time. She had to get polyps removed as well which was a minor surgery. So far we have spent nearly $4,000 and hWhat about the fact that in the Rogue One scene Vader (in order to maintain pure darkness) turned off his life support system on his chest piece so that you couldn't see the lights from it, meaning his lungs and other major organs weren't operating properly as he waited for the perfect moment to slaughter all the rebels on the corridor scene. Vader&gt; I agree that the show never goes deep enough with exploring how shitty theocrachy Bajor propably was before the invasion 

Actually they did explore some depth. Remember the episode where the fake emissary that was from the past was brought to the future and he said how Bajor had lost their way because they forsake the caste system due to the The only, and I repeat only argument for Anakin being a Mary Sue is during episode 1 where he pilots the n-1 Naboo fighter and destroys the trade federation station, but even that was almost pure luck or I guess you could say "guidance" of the force. He wasn't doing amazing piloting or anything either, the whole "let's try spinning, that's a good tI feel that TFA had potential, potential that was ruined by the following installments. There were plenty of problems and issues with TFA, but if the following installments were good people would have given it the prequel treatment, meaning that they would forgive the problems. Instead we got progressively worse pieces of content that ruined the amI'd say it's the entire top half, because originally the star wars land was going to be Tatooine, but Kathleen Kenedy decided last minute to change it to Batuu, and focus on the sequel trilogy because she wanted to focus on the new era of star wars instead of its heritage.

This information comes from an interview (I believe it was between WDW RadiRian Johnson has the capacity to be a good director, and ultimately if he had done a Star Wars story that had nothing to do with Luke or any other beloved characters, I think it would have been amazing (if he had directed rogue one for example)  


Brie Larson also has done some amazing jobs as an actress (glass castle, just mercy, etc.), I used toI mean, everyone has different tastes for sure, but I have had it for almost a decade now and never got that. Maybe if you drink it without sugar/sweetener like the Gaúchos do (which is an acquired taste).

Some people have a genetic predisposition against cilantro for example that makes it taste like soap, but cilantro is one of my favorite seasonFunny thing, I was on desktop scrolling through reddit, saw this post, and while I was looking at it the reddit page started shaking and I thought that the meme was a gif of an earthquake because Japan has some renown for it's earthquakes and I was laughing, and then I realized that reddit had just bugged and I realized that it wasn't the same jokeI don't think everything is useless. Acupuncture and herbal remedies can treat certain ailments. That being said, there is a reason why humans are living longer than ever (besides ancient biblical examples) and I think that the modern medicine developments are the main contributing factor. Discouraging people from getting proper medical treatment iI'm sorry about the effects of the coronavirus and how it has affected normal church functions. I'm glad you found this community, and hopefully you are able to feel the love that we have for you.  


Something that might help is reaching out to the bishop and getting the contact information for the young woman's leader. Then reach out to her for aMy entire reasoning, not justification, is if someone joins our guild through our scouting, not poaching, methods, then they feel like we offer more than what they are giving. I gave you a single example of someone we recruited and you try to make it sound like we feel our guild is a savior's den, when all I'm saying is that we offer better oportunWas it worth it? Yes. The people we recruited have been amazing. And if they decide to leave us because we aren't good enough or because the game is going through a hard time, that's our problem I guess. It sucks, we might be miffed, but at the end of the day it's a game and you have to be in the right guild for you. Us reaching out to players simpI disagree with this completely. I have tried all the "fair recruitment" methods and unless you are getting insane stars in LSTB it doesn't do any good, before that it was getting 50 wat shards, before that it was winning every TW. It is really hard to stand out unless you are looking for a merger, in which case you have to be willing to have 15+ eAt BYU-I there was a discussion where a woman discussed how she got her degree and ended up getting married while at college and having a family and to this day never used her degree, but she felt that what she learned helped her immensely to be a better mom and to be a better disciple of Christ.

My wife's doctor today is a BYU graduate and is marWell tithing's main purpose is for supporting the church body such as: building new buildings, sustaining existing buildings, developing/producing church resources such as the scriptures, manuals, apps, web pages etc., paying salaries for seminary teachers, subsidizing the costs of the universities, all the organization costs for each of the wards I like the points you bring up. I feel that it would be a good idea to bring up with a bishop/stake president to work on helping impoverished communities near you with service projects and general ministering (no membership required) because if we can find ways to help them get on their own feet and move forward, they can not only get off welfare bHey Aquarium gang,  


I'm setting up a new aquarium, and I'm trying to find the best mechanical filter. My new aquarium is a 29 gal, but I like to oversize my filters a bit, so I'm thinking of a 40-50 gallon filter. I have a fluval c2 filter and I've been pretty happy with it, so I was considering getting the c3 which I was able to find [online heTypically in my JKR battles I hardly get more than 2-3 of the master's training out there anyways.  


I feel he fits better with JKL because hoda can be really fast and help use the leader ability to give JKL 100% turn meter to set the enemy team at JKL's base speed right away. Also JKL has limited healing compared to JKR, so Hoda can help their tTo be fair, the full rumor isn't that they are "decanonized" more so that they become part of a separate parallel universe like what star trek did with their reboot. This way they could go back and do other stories such as the Thrawn trilogy and reintroduce Mara Jade etc. and go back to the original EU without completely wiping away all the currentNo reason to not like Nezuko, I loved her too. But her entire character relied on her cuteness combined with helping her brother and changing her metabolism to not depend on human flesh by anime magic. Who is she besides those 3 things? Raphtalia has a very deep back story of being raised by loving parents that are &gt;!royalty of a foreign land!&l"The plan of salvation is about exalting people! And exalting people to live in a heterosexual relationship with the continuation of their seed. To want the Church to accept and endorse gay marriage would be asking the Church to forsake the plan of salvation and tell people to settle for less than exaltation. "  


I love this, thanks for sharing tDevil's advocate, I don't think she wrote or directed the sequel trilogy itself.  


Ultimately we have a lot of hate and vitriol for KK because the crown achievement of her career was supposed to be the Disney Trilogy, which became a literary mess and then when fans complained about how the series was being taken, they were labeled as trolls/alt-rThat being said, I'd consider youtube/twitch/facebook gaming videos/streams. It's a competitive market, so you have to either find a niche category to start (like a game that has less coverage but still is popular) or have amazing comedy skills so that it doesn't matter what game you play, people watch you for your reactions.  


A youtuber with 10I know that Europeans might not like the thick pancakes of the USA, but man when I get 1 pancake that is about 1/2" thick and 6" in diameter, and then religiously spread nutella, peanutbutter, habenero- pomegranate jam, with maple syrup and strawberry chunk syrup with whipped cream and a candied cherry on top, all I can say is:

&amp;#x200B;

\*\*\After watching Doomcock's video, it seems like a plausible idea, but I worry if the source(s) are simply telling him something as a joke. It would essentially just reset the sequel trilogy, leaving Star Wars the freedom to explore the future after episode 6 again. However I feel that it would be a hard financial decision since it would require themI've grown up in rural cities and I knew plenty of members that were "annoyingly" left wing. We honestly still got along, and it didn't affect our friendship. I can't speak to your specific ward, stake, etc. but I believe that your voting choices are deeply personal, and that it's wrong to judge an individual on who/what they vote for. Instead, it'"You’ll earn access to the Galactic Challenges by completing Daily Activities."

I can interpret this as full completion, but you are right, it might mean partial completion. But idk why even mention this if all you have to do is sim galactic war and normal nodes to do this. I feel they want you to finish all the daily activities based on the wordiThat's not all we do, and due to NDAs I can't really discuss all of the projects we work on. But I'll compromise and say that I don't know the workload circumstances of the entire CG company. However I feel that there is very few justifications for CG at the moment, if they have been struggling to meet deadlines, they should have communicated that My engineering firm has still done tons of work even in the middle of a pandemic and working from home. Multi discipline work too, involving mechanical, electrical, and structural engineering projects. My company is also a small business, yet we are able to work on several projects for mining, oil, and food industries. Can't a billion dollar game fFunny thing is that if those are supposed to be planets and they are that close to each other, they'd be screwing with each other's gravity so bad that very soon they'd all crash into each other. Look at our own solar system. (you can find youtube videos that show realistic scaling of the distances between the planets and see how drastically far awI don't want it to happen, but since 2 days ago I didn't have this rework nor was I expecting this powerful of a rework, it wouldn't break my heart too bad if they did it just so Darth Vader can't wipe the floor with the insane paywall characters. I'd prefer it if they left them alone, but I guess CG is worried about balance after all.

&amp;#x200Bman, imagine this used against geos for example? Target the Brute, use force crush. Then target poggle and use basic, then gba and use basic, then sun fac and use basic, then target soldier and use force crush again, then culling blade on spy who will probably have several dots on him (and no stealth due to the initial ability of the effect) and boIn our ward we meet in the stake center. Wards meet on the hour instead of half hour increments, allowing a full hour between. We have sacrament meeting for an hour and then go home. Everything is sanitized with an alcohol based solution in a spray bottle before and after each service. Bread and water trays are sanitized as well. Before any deacon,Talking about trash reminded me of this fun fact from the new Disney Star Wars canon! Remember that trash monster in episode 4 that lived in the trash compactor? Turns out it was a religious zealot and it was trying to baptize Luke when it submerged him.  


Don't believe me?  
 [url](url)   


And isn't the Last of Us 2 about religious zealots or &gt; It doesn’t look to me that there was an immediate danger to the officers lives. 

The cops would have been held responsible if the person used that weapon on a civilian for any reason at all. Ultimately, if a cop tells you to freeze and put your hands in the air but instead you flee and you are brandishing a weapon with intent to use it (whichI see polygamy as something else, because you weren't stealing other people's "property" for polygamy (for the most part). However if several slaves had hope that the Mormons would protect them and escaped to a Mormon colony or snuck away with a Pioneer caravan, that would certainly tick off the slave owners and could have pushed for more violence As for your casual edit to add the outside versus inside part, would it make you feel more comfortable if your ward met outside? You could always suggest that to your bishop. Doesn't matter much though since some of the protests have had people body to body, touching and grabing eachother and items. Not every protest is actually maintaining social Hands are santizied with alcohol before being broken, hands are sanitized before grabbing the tray, and only the deacons hold the trays and go person to person to distribute the bread and water. Also seperate tray for disposal of the cups, so that there isn't accidental disposal of the water cup into a clean location. With the every other pew beingI do not think he's overreacting, because ultimately there is a lot of hypocrisy over what can and can't be open and who can and can't organize. If the pandemic is truly this bad, shouldn't all forms of congregations be banned (for example, the protests)? Shouldn't all truly non-essential stores be banned (For example alcohol stores)?  


And as loFor sure KRU is, but mine is currently g8 where my SET is g12+3. Eventually some day in the far off future I'll get KRU to g13 I'm sure, but today is not that day.

As for now, if there is a FO Sith Trooper on their team, I'm using the padme cheese team until they inevitably nerf it and I'm forced to gear up a tank to g13. Working toward the JKL st