I'd like to point you towards [this Nature paper](url).  

Microscopic diamonds have been known to exist in a few types of carbon / graphite-bearing meteorites for over a century.  Raman studies have shown that they exist in sizes and morphologies consistent with forming in collisional events -- two asteroids collide in space, and intense *shock* gI haven't seen any older pieces of meteorite jewely without rust.  The etch usually goes first, followed by surface rust and eventual decomposition.  

Most sealants are resins which are permeable to oxygen and water.  Glass would be better, but the issue is that a sealant is going to keep things in as well as out.  You often get rust forming *undeIf you can weed out the pieces of hematite from China / Tibet and the crazy guy selling Earth rocks from NM, you'll have dodged most of the fakes.  

There are a few reliable sellers from China who keep listing pieces of Seymchan and Aletai for next to nothing - you might search for those.  

But I wouldn't make jewelry from iron meteorites in geneThis is a pseudomorph of goethite after pyrite or marcsite (another iron sulfide mineral).  You can still see the shapes of the original  crystals, but they have oxidized into different minerals.  

A Lunar meteorite wouldn't feel dense / heavy, and meteorites that do feel heavy are dense due to the presence of metallic iron -- I don't think there Masks have 0 impact on anyone's breathing.  Where are all of the studies on the negative impact of masks on construction workers, healthcare workers, miners, and anyone who works regularly around particulates and airborne pathogens?  

These aren't new fields.  The medical studies don't exist because there aren't any statistically relevant negativeMostly hematite.  Looks like it was deposited hydrothermally around clasts of a softer matrix rock as matrix in a breccia.  

Iron is one of the most common elements in Earth and it's often concentrated in magnetic minerals like magnetite and hematite.  If something isn't magnetic, it's *probably* not a meteorite, but a magnetic rock is also probabThe Second Amendment says that, "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."

**What is a Well-Regulated Militia?**

"Second Amendment supporters" *usually* push the idea that the term "well-regulated militia" refers to the "unorganized militia."

"The largest studies to look at "self-defensive gun use" generally conclude that:

&gt;"Compared to other protective actions, the National Crime Victimization Surveys provide little evidence that SDGU [self-defensive gun use] is uniquely beneficial in reducing the likelihood of injury or property loss."

url

[Kleck &amp; Gertz (1995)](url"Pro-gun" is a meaningless statement.  I own several, and, frankly, laws in the US are a joke.  With registration / permitting requirements as they are (absent), there is no way for *anyone* to tell if a person is buying large numbers of firearms, and filing off serial numbers to sell them illegally.  

Imagine if cars didn't have registration and &gt;His mother seems to think that people who break\burn\steal other people's stuff are getting​ what they deserve.

That's the problem.  It's *un-American* to suggest that someone deserves to be punished without a fair trial -- to say nothing of using beatings as a punishment.  

In the US, it's *innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.* ShI'd be much more concerned about being able to study in a house of underclassmen living at a party house in Rancho Cucamonga than at a family home, barring extenuating circumstances.  

&gt;And Im aware that 6 freshman living together isntt the best idea so maybe if a senior was in charge of the house(but then again seniors might have hybrid classeUndergrad is all about the school / location / atmosphere.  

Postgrad is all about the advisor / department / other grads.  It has almost nothing to do with the school or location.  

There's something to be said for seeing and experiencing new people and places, but if you're working with a good advisor, in a great department, with a good culturePeople with extreme beliefs tend to be intolerant.  There will always be people at the edge of the bell curve.  

UCLA's located in a pretty liberal state, so there are more liberal students in it than conservative students.  You'd get equal but opposite pushback for voicing non-conservative ideas in state schools in the South.  I personally find m&gt;Then she recovered herself and said that even petty vandals get beaten up by the cops when they're arrested. 

Physical abuse / assault is not a part of the US justice system.  Police officers shouldn't be beating people for committing any crimes.  They should use as little  force necessary to get people to comply with their orders.  I.e. if soExtremely dubious.  

&gt;The claims are controversial, however. Other researchers say Kirschvink’s experiments might have shown the brain responds to changes in magnetic fields but that does not mean they represent the actions of an internal magnetic sense. “If I were to stick my head in a microwave and switch it on, I would see effects on my braiThis appears to be an igneous rock.  The clearest plagioclase lath is visible just below the top edge of the stone a little to the left of center.  The rock appears to be ~made of them, and some other mineral(s) that have weathered out, leaving pits.  

A magnetic / igneous meteorite would be very unusual.  And I don't see any actual rust, so if itOP was asking if something was a meteorite here, in a forum where people know a great deal about meteorites.  

You sent him to a forum where most users know next to nothing about meteorites, and I'd say not much about minerals in general.

That's backwards.  If someone posted a possible meteorite to r/whatsthisrock, they'd be better off coming herI don't think this is technically andesite.  There are too many plagioclase phenocrysts, and they're too large.  Can definitely see some large black hornblende lathes in the stone, though.  Looks more like an intrusive [porphyry](url) to me.  Exterior looks like it's a Mn or Fe-weathering patina.  Fusion crust isn't a stain, but I agree that the co&gt;Sure there are, nuclear power.

This statement does not make sense in the context of our conversation / my comment.  

&gt;&gt;But plants only scrub as much as they are legally required to. Pass stricter laws, and coal would be cleaner. Filters are a thing, you know...

&gt;But then coal, which is already more expensive than the alternatives, bNuclear waste is notoriously difficult to contain and process, and contamination is a huge issue that only gets worse the more you work with it.  If you start out with, say, *n* tonnes of spent fuel rods, anything you use to transport or process them becomes dangerously contaminated.  Processing waste like that results in *n* x hundreds of tonnes o&gt;And why must everything be a partisan issue? Like can't you come to a nuanced political view? Why must somethomg be bad just because the republicans think it's good? 

I don't think any of these things should be partisan issues.  You're not complaining to the right person.  Try taking it up with [these folks from Florida](url).  I'm sure they'l&gt;Coal is the most dangerous energy source due to the hundreds of thousands of respiratory deaths it causes each year worldwide, the mining accidents are nothing in comparison.

Sure.  And there's no viable instant alternative for most of that energy, so your alternative is cutting power indefinitely for billions of people, which would result in The figures aren't as clear-cut as all that.  By this kind of logic, coal is the most dangerous energy source due to the thousands of annual mining-related deaths in undeveloped countries, to say nothing of global warming.  But coal power isn't really dangerous, per se.  An accident at a coal plant doesn't usually put anyone in immediate danger, wiYou couldn't make an ebike for anything close to $300 in the 90s, and the number of people buying them at $5k was close to 0.  

If you're saying that this form of nuclear power might be more feasible in the future, when tech or other costs are lower, that's still a valid argument.  "They'll be affordable and everywhere in 30 years" doesn't make thRust is iron oxides.  It forms on the surface of exposed metallic iron.  That's not rust.  

We're looking at iron-stained lighter minerals in that photo.  This is a rock that contains a mix of likely iron and titanium oxides.  

Earth's crust is almost 10% iron, and much of that is concentrated in minerals that are attracted to a magnet like hemat&gt;You do realise that welfare systems are not connected to gun control right?

You don't understand American politics.  

The Republican Party pushes hot-button issues like gun control and abortion while gutting social welfare programs.  They don't care about whether the poor have guns or not.  They use the system for their own financial gain.  TOP asked about buying meteorites.  Toyotas are damn reliable.  If someone asked about buying a car, would you point them towards a Camry listed at $90,000?  

I'm not interested in a discussion about your living costs and margins.  Just what's available, and for how much.  

We're talking about dollars per gram, we're not talking about *opinions.* I'm not sure I buy the "flavor" argument.  There are millions of novel species of delicious fruits, vegetables, and other edible plants in the world.  [This guy](url)'s made it a hobby to find as many of them as he can.  Most are only locally known or consumed.  Meanwhile, major supermarkets are populated with a few dozen species that are generallyYou're not understanding the distances involved.  What you saw was *at a minimum* ~20+ miles above the ground, and probably 100 miles away from you.  It looked like it was moving slowly because it was far away.  It looked "close" because you're not familiar with seeing blindingly bright sources of light that are tens to hundreds of miles away from Why would you assume I want prices to stay the same?  If I'm in the market to buy, I want prices to go down.  If I'm holding real estate, I'd like prices to go up.  If I'm a typical investor, I'm not waiting for the market to drop, I'm just looking for something to tear-down and rebuild with more square footage in a desirable area.  

Don't assume There are a few problems with your story. 

1) Meteor showers are made up of fast-moving cometary debris. We’re talking about friable grains barely larger than sand grains moving at 60-90 km/s.  That’s at least ~2 times faster than stuff from the asteroid belt, up to ~10 times faster. For fluffy dust grains, that’s a death sentence. Not a single me16 GB drive.  I just ran Boot Camp on the .iso for Windows 10 version 1803, and the expanded file size is ~7 GB.  Should be fine.  

But [the Boot Camp output file is still definitely ExFAT](url), which, unless I'm mistaken, won't work.  

The prompt screen has now reverted to "ex" with a flashing cursor, so I think I've figured that out, at least Thank you -- I didn't realize that you could tell what it was trying to boot from from that error message.  Useful information.  

I've tried that guide and used Boot Camp -- my first several attempts at making the flash drive were with that application.  

From my post in r/bootcamp: 

&gt;Downloaded the Windows 10 .iso file from Microsoft.  Had nI've done that and checked the output in the USB.  That program opens the .ISO, and exports the files inside to the flash drive.  Unless I'm missing something, there doesn't appear to be any reason to use these "makes a bootable USB programs," because Macs can open .ISOs.  You can just click and drag?

I'm getting a [new error](url), which is interIt sounds like you're telling me to throw out a laptop because I haven't been able to figure out why I can't boot from a flash drive. 

I want to make this spare pc laptop a Windows machine for a few reasons.  I don't have Windows on my Mac, so unless I missed an OS version of rufus, it's not an option.  I looked around for other solutions: earlier&gt;Have you seen eBay lately? It's a minefield of fraud. More fake meteorites and moldavites than real ones. 

Overstatement.  The vast majority of meteorites on eBay are real.  

&gt;The OP asked for a legit source of meteorites, and not your rando opinion of pricing. 

I get why you're being defensive, Mike, but if you're selling milligram microThis website is largely populated by one of the US' largest demographics?  

That's...logical...

But it doesn't make sense based on UCLA's demographics.  

[UCLA currently has a 30-26 split between Whites and Asians, with a 3-4% skew towards females within races](url).  Singling out White males seems a bit odd if you want to talk about N-S campus You've got some information mixed up.  Most meteorites are chondrites: they usually contain between 5-30% iron and should be attracted to a magnet.  

The Moon was large enough to differentiated and form an iron core.  [Lunar meteorites](url) are generally metal-depleted igneous rocks or impact melts that *look* very much like a variety of common ESpot on.  

I like meat, and am all for meat substitutes, but they are currently priced at least 2-3 times higher than any of the meat I buy.  I pick up ground beef at $2.50 or less a pound, pork for $1-3/lb, chicken for similar prices.  

Beyond Meat is currently priced at $9/lb in my local market.  Impossible is 12 oz. for $9.  

Impossible's proRoman or Greek bronze coins aren't worth $100.  More like a buck a piece or less.  If you buy lots, it can be far less.  

Gold or silver tend to be pricier.  I've been watching a German Metal Detecting Youtube series, and the guy's been finding a lot of medieval silver coins.  I price checked on eBay -- ones in decent shape are $10-20 in many caseThat it *is* from Mercury?  Not that I know of.  The researcher who suggested the link to Mercury has previously made the same statement about angrites, and I think also aubrites.  

It's kind of weird.  Not infrequently, when a new ungrouped achondrite comes up, "it might be from Mercury."  It's great for dealers.  A regular ungrouped achondrite iThere are two resources I know of, but I'm not sure if they're what you're talking about.  

The [Meteoritical Bulletin](url) has the rough locations of all published meteorites in it.  You can search by meteorite name, country, find/fall date, etc.  You can also export lists of meteorites as KMZ/KML files that open in Google Earth.  So if you wantCool rocks!  Nice to see some real meteorites.  

Feel obliged to say -- NWA 7325 is almost certainly not from Mercury.  The researcher who proposed that has also proposed a Mercurial origin for a number of other completely different meteorites.  The bulk chemistry and oxidation state of NWA 7325 (...and all of the others) is grossly different fromIron meteorites are made of iron.  They rust / look rusty.  We're looking at the fluvially-polished surface of a fine-grained black iron-bearing rock.  The iron in it is relatively stable and isn't rusting.  It's something with a lot of hematite or magnetite in it.  I can't say for certain what kind of rock this is based on the photo, but it's not Stable pallasites: Imilac, Krasnojarsk, Marjalahti.

Usually stable pallasites: Esquel, Fukang, Seymchan, Springwater, Albin

50-50 pallasites: Sericho

Rusters: Brenham, Admire, Conception Junction 

u/nortwind mentioned Huckitta.  Huckitta iron specimens are hard to find, but they are stable. Shale is shale.  

If your Fukang specimen has green-y1) *For the record,* many mesosiderites and some metal-rich chondritic impact melts like Portales Valley have Thomson structures, too.  And plenty of real iron meteorites like ataxites and hexahedrites *don't* have any pattern.  What's your point?

2) If you're going to go out of your way to type "Widmanstätten," you might spell "Thomson" correctlyBut that would only work on an iron meteorite and this looks *nothing* like a polished iron meteorite.  There shouldn't be bubbles, and it should look like fairly homogeneous silver metal.  

Not so much.  

It doesn't look like that because it's not a meteorite, iron or otherwise.  You might as well tell someone to etch a piece of sandstone to see&gt;If you haven't found it in a crater it's most likely slag

No.  No, no, no, a thousand times NO.  This is a horrible misconception.  

[Unless your meteorite weighs several tonnes or more, it will hit the ground at terminal velocity.](url)  You generally find fresh ones sitting right on top of the ground.  

And even if it were larger, you'd haOutside shape is 100% due to erosion in a fluvial environment.  Aka this thing was tumbling around in a river or on a beach.  That's what rounded off and polished all of the exposed corners.  The interior of the rock is crystalline with mineralized veins.  

I see no reason to think it might be a meteorite of any kind.  Looks like a messy metamorphIt depends on what you're trying to get.  Dealers like those mentioned in other comments are fine.  But it's worth thinking outside the box.  I've found many of my best specimens on eBay.  While there are some fakes, truly spectacular specimens often come up and sell, unrecognized.  I'm still kicking myself for missing a 700 gram endcut of WatervilSchists are schistose due to the presence of micas. Generally no metals, because Earth’s surface / hydrosphere has been an oxidizing environment for the last 2 billion+ years.   You can get shistose metamorphic rocks with metallic ore minerals, but that generally comes from secondary permineralization and has nothing to do with the schist or mudstoThere are many.  I don't know about a list: you kind of have to know about them.  

url

url#History

url

As someone who works on iron meteorites, I would seriously question the conclusions of that last paper.  The beads are almost certainly *not* from Anoka based on their trace element abundances, but they're still pre-Maybe.  There are vague, uncorroborated reports of meteorites killing people and animals from almost every culture.  1888 isn't too long ago; the fact that this wasn't reported by anyone else is strange.  

There are also [no known meteorites that fell in Iraq around that time](url'm not much of a fan of the IMCA like u/NortWind is, as a few of its members are simply good at fraudulently misrepresenting meteorites and getting away with it.  I've gotten a few people kicked out of the IMCA, and it takes a hell of a lot of time and work.  And no one thanks you at the end of it: you just make enemies.  I file complaints with thThis is a large rounded piece of iron that someone has beaten with a very heavy sledge hammer or piece of machinery until the ~entire surface was mechanically reworked.  

1) Iron meteorites are almost never this round to begin with.

2) Most iron meteorites have a crystallographic structure and they tend to break along crystal planes.  Meteoric meThis is not good reasoning and not how samples are treated.  Plenty of Tissint samples (black Martian meteorite pictured in the OP) are currently in clean storage in labs and universities around the world because they could *always* be used for studies of organics as long as the samples are kept in a clean environment.  

And as technology and scieThis is 100% false.  Meteorites are *completely* unaffected by atmospheric entry below a 1-10 mm thick layer underlying the surface.  

I like to explain meteorite atmospheric entry by comparing it to putting an ice cube in an oven.  Sure, you can vaporize 99% of the ice cube, but if you take what's left out and put it in the freezer, the bit that'The Lunar meteorite in the photo has been on Earth for thousands of years and is thoroughly contaminated.  No gloves needed.  

The black Martian meteorite in the picture is Tissint, which was seen to fall on July 18, 2011.  It's one of the least-contaminated samples of Mars on Earth, and we handle all of our specimens of Tissint with gloves.  

IM100%, but it was almost 200 years after finding the first Martian meteorite that people figured out where it was from.  I made a [page explaining how we figured it out](url).  

Long story short: they contain small amounts of trapped gasses that are ~identical in composition to the Martian atmosphere.  Also, most of them are very young volcanic rocFew issues:

1) It's magnetic, and from a wet area, but it's not particularly rusty.  So whatever's in it is attracted to a magnet, but doesn't oxidize readily.  It's not iron.  Probably magnetite or hematite.  

We could get around this issue if it fell in a very dry place like the Sahara, or if it fell in the last ~year, but the texture of the "c