Lol I know. But after last time, being left with the options between known traitor and a potential traitor, we fucked that up. I fucked that up at least. And if a third-party had proposed ANY decent candidate I would feel moved to vote, but right now, the plutocracy continues either way.

Edit: I'm not discouraging anyone from voting, but "if I'm nFormer Marine here. 

The four weapons safety rules that we use are simple. 

1. Treat every weapon as if it were loaded. 

2. Never point your weapon at anything you don't intend to shoot.

3. Keep your weapon on safe until you are ready to fire. 

4. Keep your finger straight and off the trigger until you intend to fire. 



If this gets bigger ITRAIN TRAIN TRAIN. You currently have access to the internet so you should look into combat training techniques and drills, hygiene and first aid, and survival evasion resist and escape training. 

Train like it's real, so when it is, it's already second nature. And don't train alone. Train with a company of no more than 8 people per group. Watch eA supreme circuit court ruled that police don't have to help you. Open carrying is a deterrent against crime against yourself, in the same way owning a fire extinguisher is a deterrent against house fires. Obviously, you still call the respective service in the event of an emergency, but it's best to be able to protect yourself when it immediately 4,300,000,00/323,000,000=$13.31


You, as a tax payer, let your government give that much away, actually more since not every person pays taxes, to a church of some sort that you may or may likely not agree with. Your GOVERNMENT did this. Not a political party. Not Trump. The government collectively decided this was ok. Tax churches, replace the peNobel inert gas that has a part in the chemical cycle of nuclear fission if I recall correctly. I'll double check on that tho.

Edit: here ya go. From wiki.

Radon is a radioactive, colorless, odorless, tasteless noble gas. Radon occurs naturally as an intermediate step in the normal radioactive decay chains through which thorium and uranium slowlyDon't steal, kill, rape. All disputes need to be mediated by an uninvolved 3rd party. Etc.

There needs to be leadership or you just have unorganized chaos, which is what they had. 

As for weapons, I think a mutually agreed upon rules of engagement should have been discussed. *See leadership. I don't have a problem with them having any weapons theI was a Lance Corporal in the Marine Corps and I was stationed in Japan at the time. If you don't know about Japan, their environmental control laws are insane since they fish so much.

Anyway, one morning when I'm headed into the aircraft hangar, one of the jets started dumping fuel on the tarmac due to the carelessness of a fellow Marine. Fyi, whHate to say it but no, it's not over. Not by a long shot. This hasn't escalated to the point of fixing anything. It's just hippie peace protests like the 60's and 70's. And that did Jack shit to fix anything. Violence sends a message that can't be ignored. That's why they don't want you to be violent, so they can continue ignoring you. 


Sorry forI bought a hismith about 3 years ago and the only complaints I have about it is the vac-u-lock adapter is too small, the cord for the remote is too short, and the gears have been getting a bit worn down so that they make more noise now. But I'm a cam girl mind you, so I've been putting a LOT more hours on it than your average consumer 😂

So if I ha(from another post I made a minute ago)


Just wait till the hurricane hits too close to home. One song from the album is literally called tempest.......


First pneuma (plague), fear inoculum (police brutality).....

You are here.^^^

....tempest (possibly hurricane or tornado), descending (probably another great depression), and culling voices (iOh, right. Yeah no, from what I've heard it's a super civilian model with no AB and all the pylons sealed up. So only has like 4 hours flight time. But that's my point. Other countries have privately own F-16's and old Soviet jets. If our country really DID decide to rule with tyrannical force, I'd want at least a few more civilians owning a bit moDon't worry about compensation m8.

I'm not too sure on that stuff going away. Because when you're infected with a virus 1 of 3 things happen. Your body fights it off with immune response (flu), you get on antivirals and it gets neutralized, or it stays in your body. And the way HPV stays in your body, in the skin, there isn't anyway for your immunWell, once ya got it, ya got it. It's one of those.

Prescription ointment can reduce the amount visible and if you can't afford going to the doctor for it, then there are home fixes that work decently. Apple cider vinegar is the most popular one. Just don't try wart away, because it freezes the tissues and can cause permanent damage to your... SenYa know, it's stuff like this that makes me remember we're basically elves to dogs. 

1: live super long
2: don't really age comparatively
3: more advanced but still can communicate

And like, what would you do if you had an elf friend that finally had a kid halfway through your entire life span? You'd probably wanna be around it all the time just So I didn't think I'd ever actually post in one of these but this is what happened to my dad. 

Little background, my dad didn't finish college, dropped out and worked at the power company in Houston. This was the 70's and computers were just getting big. So he was in charge of computers n such (idk). Learned to program with C and Java in the 90's,Not a doc

Had my friend drive me to the ER because my back was killing me, had a fever, crazy sweating, and stomach pain. ER discharged me in an hour with the flu. I thought they were lazy and didn't test for anything.

Next day, I have my unit's Corpsman come visit because I felt worse. (Military. The guy was smart as hell and really nice.) He huWronggggg. It's the take off procedure for all modern fly by wire aircraft. When the aircraft senses weight-on-wheels, it elevates the stabs up so it will automatically lift up at take off speed. When you push the stick forward, it levels out so you don't pitch into the dirt but don't elevate up. Pilots don't give a rats ass about exhaust. It's groFirst appointment with my endocrinologist in Austin, before even dressing full time, she asked what she should call me. My primary provider, living in Texas (not Austin), for the VA, while I'm STILL NOT FULL TIME yet, asked me what my new name will be so she could enter it in the system. 

Get a new therapist. Yours sucks by the standards of Texas After a horrible break up from a long term relationship I've found the best simile for this kind of situation. 

You have to see relationships like banking. If you want something for the long term, you set up an investment or savings account. You're not going to have much of anything if what you put in keeps getting pulled out (her being on and offEnglish is what British people call their language. We Americans don't pronounce words correctly in accordance with that. 

Example: 
Aluminum is actually aluminium. The whole world uses that spelling and it's been declared that way by the one of the biggest international chemistry organizations. 

So, we speak "English" but a very bad crude versioI was just pissed they gave me the run around. It's just bad business practice on their end. Bc I'm looking at the report they pulled from my credit and it's just blank..... Literally nothing is on it except my name. And it's before I unlocked my credit a few days later where they could see my actual report. 

But I'm over it. I mean, I don't want I get showing up frequently but that's because it's almost the middle of the month and they never got back to me once.  

Wasn't homeless when I applied, just got out of a 14 month lease. I just didn't take care of this before I moved out. 

Credit score, while not perfect, was acceptable. The only issue is that they didn't listen to me, or bother Fair point. But considering there are no randomly firing neurons in a computer, it is simply a means to shorten the connections between brains, the same way a telephone is used. On the other hand that's also why humanity has a fear of artificial intelligence becoming self aware, because art imitates life. And we aren't exactly a peaceful race are wAs someone who has issues with self image, this is the only way I can explain to people how I feel. I don't want to have to deal with certain things about my body. My brain is who I *really* am. This body of mine is just a shell. It shouldn't matter what I do to it or what happens to it over time. It's going in the dirt when I'm done with it anywayI love to think what this represents.

Your identity isn't just what you see on the outside. You don't have a skeleton inside you. There isn't a brain in your skeleton, you are a brain, inside a skull, inside a bag of flesh and soft tissue. Everything you do, everything that you are, is controlled by that little football up top and the tail attacheWell for the schools fuck up, I'll use my story as an example. I was told to take a class that wouldn't count towards my degree, wasn't on the degree plan for even general engineering students, that I didn't want or need, and the VA wouldn't pay for. I was MADE to take this class, even though they said the school would take care of the money side oDisclaimer: I am by no means an expert and I'm not trying to mislead anyone to think that I'm trying to be. I did a research presentation on this last year. It's been a while and I haven't had great sleep lately, but I'll throw down what I know.

They used to be unregulated. MDMA was developed to be an appetite suppressant. And LSD was used by the Not the dude. Where you work. They sound like assholes. Id record it, show them, then when they fire you, sue them for wrongful termination and state workplace violations. You should really learn your rights working in Texas. Every employer has to have workers rights posters up for you to reference. I'd also check over to r/asklegal , or something Duuuuude yes!!!! Ok so story time. I went to middlelands way back in spring last year. After the main show shut down and the after party events started, my group started walking around. Eventually we come to the pavilion and chill. I look over and I see this guy in a mask giving a glove show so fucking crazy the guy blacks out. I mean slump down, oI was going to have sex with my gf on Valentine's day but decided not to because I wanted something special when I got back from deployment. Six months more, not *that* much of a wait considering we'd been together awhile. She ended up breaking up with me, while on deployment, two days after a family member committed suicide, all so she could whoreI just got out a little under 2 years ago. I got out setting myself up to have the possibility to go back in. I got out bc I wanted freedom to do wild stuff while I'm young and also transition without dealing with as much drama. I almost didn't get out because I loved what I did that much. Now that I'm out I was afraid I had no chance of getting baI'm in Texas too, so I can sympathize with your fears. I'd just suggest you tell your boss that customer elicited a feeling that you're in an unsafe work environment and that he should be put on a do not serve/let enter/ customer ban notice. 

They wont do anything if you're trans. But you bring up feeling unsafe at work, they'll get scared of a poI'm trans and I don't even touch my front bits anymore (shocker right?). Anal is SOOO much better when you train your mind to feel exactly what she described. The "orgasms" aren't as acute as that final release that lasts a only split second and they don't feel the same. An anal orgasm feels like your whole body is tingling and it's soooo much longWatching that video (thanks by the way) made me truely realize solid fuel rocket engines aren't engines. They don't suck in air and perform some function to utilize as energy to create forward motion. They are, first and foremost, a rapid set of concurrently controlled explosions just pointed down. It sounded like a roaring fire being flamed up wit*'In Judge Kollar-Kotelly’s order, she emphasized the importance of transgender military service with regard to military readiness, “It should not be forgotten that the United States military remains engaged in numerous armed conflicts throughout the world, and service members are still being injured and killed in those conflicts. The public intereExample: after awhile of watching porn, a person may start to become numb to what is considered normal. So they will start seeking more taboo content to get the familiar rush. Eventually they will reach a point where they become ashamed at what they watch following an orgasm. If a person at this point were to have a sexual relationship with anotherI thought only the GP voted down racial lines for Obama. Mil personnel really did that? Surprisingly, not surprised but whatever. 

I feel the reason why aren't united is because there are things specifically in play to keep us divided. I mean, George Soros had a direct hand in the Antifa riots, through a chain of command, by making Craigslist ads I took Federal PoliSci like every college kid has to and most adults should. I have been to DC for political education before. I know it's not as simple as agreeing on chicken or beef for an inflight meal. 

And

I remember that when Trump was sworn in, he pissed off everyone in DC. But that has since died down, and since nothing overwhelmingly proNot including women, the percentage of men in America that serve or have served in the Armed Forces is 13.4%. Reference below. 

url

That means, excluding women who have been considered non-combatants until recently and not expected to serve, more than an eighth of the population has been involved in the military. One out of eight.  We have a lot Im sorry for others when I say this but are you literally retarded? 

1 I voted for him. 2 I'm saying agree to disagree. I'm literally saying I'm tolerating your different view point. 3 from taking a look at your profile, you're either a bot, troll, or exactly who I was describing. But you're getting defensive in that you feel it's derogatory even That is a fair and valid point I hadn't considered before. I'll definitely remember that as a possibility.

However, my counter argument for that is it's 2018. Society is aware we exist. Seeing someone in a burka for the first time doesnt justify scalping her. Or I've even heard of people that have never seen a black person before. They don't freakI haven't been with my family socially since I came out to them (haven't been invited home in awhile) but if they felt the need to tell others stuff about me that isn't their business, then I would say in the same way how they both have herpes and I think that's why they got together in the first place. I'll nip that shit right in the bud and you bWho says I was even referring to you with that statement? Seems we see where you stand then. 

Edit: spelling
Addendum: you can call me a bigot and I could call you an idiot and we could go back and forth slinging mud at each other all day. Or we can agree to disagree and that the majority of the people interacting with this feed agree with the mesSo now we're pucking? Geez, just have sex, holy hell. Actually flattened balls sounds painful. -transgirl problems-

I think it's only for Wii. Something about the phallus shaped controller for some reason. 

Edit: fat fingers pressed post on accident.
I think they're bringing back cooking mama for the switch, to help mix up that amazing hormone coSports are the things with balls that aren't attached to you right? And some use sticks too I think. See I know some stuff. I got this. Sign me up, full season running forwardback. 

Yeah butt shine. There's a game about it I think. It's called Super Mario Buttshine! "Wahoo!" Lol

But yeah, there really isn't a place that doesn't shine bright like You are completely and totally correct. I can post my generalized sweeping statement that readers can choose to support or condemn as they see fit. But I'm not a bigot because I've seen almost nothing but complaints from: engineers about the tarrifs, veterans about the continued lack of VA reform, the left but they've always been against him, teachTrue, but this was the first non-career-politician to run for president in, what, 35 years? Most of us took him out of the scope of "politicians make up promises to get elected." I know the shit show he walked into, he knew the shit show he was walking into. We all also knew his competition was a crook and a couple of nobody's. Promising to drain tI honestly could. Not. Care. Less. 

It doesn't matter what bathroom I use. I'm just there to do my business and get out. I don't care about being made to use the male locker room. I've seen more dicks than vaginas in my life and it's not like I have the risk of seeing something that's not also attached to me. I don't even care if someone says I'm Considering you're saying "white privileged male" sarcastically, I'd just like to point out that even here, in a place that is really only meant for women, we STILL have guys trying to tell us what WE think and feel is wrong. Even though WE HAVE GOVERNMENT SUPPORTED EVIDENCE.

 There literally isn't any place, online or in real life, where women arSure no problem. That's a legitimate question. 1st I'm fairly confident that the US military wouldn't use excessive force on it's civilian population. It hasn't happened in the past with civil unrest and with the size of the military force of this country they wouldn't need to use it. 2nd no weapon is fool proof. Even nuclear weapons need to be armI just read the abstract after you made this comment. I understand it, but I'll take it with a grain of salt considering it seems to be a relatively quick study using a reading test for basis of IQ and only a 3 point scale for happiness. I think they may be on to something with this and I won't try to deny the legitimacy of it. But i think a previoThe descriptions from the title of the article above. 


But to explain in a little detail: someone with an issue with serotonin may feel depressed after sex, because the sudden drop in serotonin, which is responsible for stimulation and mood, causes a person to go from happy and stimulated to empty relatively quickly. Dopamine issues might make a I know I am because I experienced it first hand. As do most porn addicts. But aside from that, chronic abuse of drugs that affects the serotonin and dopamine parts of the brain, like Xanax, MDMA, lsd (in high doses), dmt, and adhd meds can cause permanent irreparable damage that also play a part in sexual relationships. There are examples of this iI think we should differentiate between asking how to apologise for a slip up and being deathly afraid of words. 

An example would be asking for help from a friend after making a light hearted anti-Semitic joke with a Jewish friend present without knowing. It's not said with bad intentions, but it's something that you would want to make sure you aYou also have to consider that along with the spike and sudden drop in serotonin, there is dopamine, oxytocin, adrenaline, vasopressin, and other chemicals that play a role in post coitus reactions. With excessive viewing of porn or chronic masturbation, engaging in real sex can have wildly different results than what the person may be accustomed tThis comment should probably be on the original post but I'll say it here. I have ADHD and typical Adderall/ concerta meds have had bad effects on me. Back in highschool and recently, I was put on bupropion, which is a dopamine reuptake inhibitor. Basically doing the same thing that Adderall does for serotonin (stimulus) but for dopamine (reward). I have only one thing to say in regards to this. When the government no longer represents the people, the people have the right to take away their ability to govern.

Buy small arms, exercise your first and second amendment rights, prepare for the coming shit storm. This isn't going to stop until you show them we won't be bullied. That does not meaDamn well I want that raw unfiltered Japanese weirdness injected straight, gayly, or anywhere in-between, into my eyeballs. 

Phrasing. Boom. 

I started watching it a while back and I think I know what you're talking about. I stopped after a while bc the pilot episode just felt......well you know how the first episode in a new series feels. But I'Apple didn't include a trans pride flag in their update with emojis. So the trans, and overall LGBT, community has been using a lobster as representation. It didn't bother me before, but after seeing basketballs with different skin textures, I find it ridiculous that that would be an oversight on apples part. Maybe I'm just whinning. Probably. But 