Thank you, I’m doing everything i can but I’m not sure itll be easier for me to take the exam after having taken the course 3 months earlier in addition to the 4 other exams i will have, i was hoping to get it done same time as everyone else but with some leniency or something. This is only really a problem for me because I need to pass the final tAnd how do you expect to have any sort of long term satisfaction or emotional stability if you know your loved one doesnt care about you enough to the point he/she is fucking other people. The idea of multiple partners and long term happines is completely antithetical unless your brain is some how perverse enough to believe that is a healthy relatiBecause its temporary. Once you get out of the simulation, you go back to your real life, i said the satisfaction was similar but nowhere near the same, it wont give you the same long term happiness. That’s why a lot of people who spend a lot of time on video games are usually neglecting real life responsibilities. Not attacking gamers, everybody hIts true, epstein was just connected to a lot of people, so presumably a lot of them had no idea what was really going on but Trump is one of the people thats been pictured many times with him and he has kind of a playboy reputation already. And remember AG when epstein “killed himself” was Barr, whose dad was recruited by Epstein. He also fired thBy successful i mean achieved the most progress. You sound like you live a pretty comfortable life but think third world countries would be a better place to live because they dont have big corporations or whatever. And also, what does “where do babies come from” have to do with sexual reproduction, really? It has everything to do, take two peopl tDo you know where babies come from? Thats why a relationship is only made up of 2 people, nothing to do with patriarchal hierarchical constructs. Anything more is just nonsense to call it a relationship, youre just having sex with multiple people or youre just one of the few guys your “girlfriend/wife” has sex with. You can be emotionally attached,Those are different. You have polygamous societies where one man gets all the women ala ghengis khan, but not only is that an unsustainable way to live for the rest of the men, but that is not the same thing as letting your wife fuck other men. And maybe some societies did have these open relationship norms (again, not the same as being a cuck), buChillwell and Havertz are inexplicably the two most sought after players by chelsea fans; Our midfield is the area in which we have the most depth (RLC, kante, jorginho, kovacic, mount, barkley, gilmour), unless you plan on playing him in a more forawrd position, which also wouldnt make sense (Pulisic, CHO, ziyech, willian and rlc and mount can plaYou guys, being who exactly? You just get caught up in your tribalism, i pick this side im the left, you pick this sode you’re the right and we hurl insults at one another. I literaly said i dont support Trump. I will not be voting for him, so why are you putting me in a box? I flip out when Trump fucks up just as much as when Obama fucked up. But Clinton was President when i was born. I’ve been on both sides of the aisle and realized they are two sides of the same coin, pretending to be vastly different from one another but they all hang in the same social circles, have each others backs, and keep each other in power. Our voting power has been hijacked by the whole “this is the election of Why is it any different? You’re admitting that you’re ok with voting for an evil, so by that logic you would still choose between one of the two evils i mentioned. And yes, there is a two party system, they pretend to fight on camera but theyre really keeping each other in power. Not to mention the fact Us presidents have only ever been democrat anThis mentality is what has kept the two party system alive: “i dont like this candidate but the other one is worse!” So just vote your consciense and vote for someone who actually represents what you stand for. People don’t understand republicans and democrats fight on camera and pretend to be enemies but they conveniently keep each other in power Whats funny is that the combat style in the sequels is the only one where it actually does look like theyre fighting and trying to hit each other. In the prequels its more aesthetic, but look at the scene where obi wan and anakin are swinging their lightsabers at each other for a few seconds with no contact, or when they’re backs are touching. I thIts for all 3, for vault drills in big con and ss and vault explosives for agressive i think. But they have variations of the same mission so its possible that they just gave you another way to do the mission, but most times i do tje casino heist (ive ran it +50 times at this point) i have that painful scuba diving mission. If theres any one missioEpstein was just the public face of the business. But it was Maxwell's father who passed it down to Ghislaine, who then made Epstein look like the guy in charge. Wether they actually got close, i dont know. But having Epstein as the face of the operation was a clever ruse to keep her safe, thats why its him that got arrested, and thats what most fuWell you at least think theres nothing wrong with these subs, otherwise you wouldnt be so dedicated to calling me out for saying these subs are degenerate. So maybe it was wrong of me to suggest you’re into them, but you’re at least desensitized to the point you dont think theyre fucked up. Which makes you a degenerate. Also the way you write your Well we know that some people would do it right? Why is it unfair to say it would be the same people that are overly compliant and ready to take the state’s side no matter what? Maybe not all 2020 snitches wouldve snitched out their jew neighbor but definitely everyone who wouldve snitched out their jew neighbor snitched out their neighbor in 2020 ok but clearly he is qualified to hold them, he doesnt do that anymore because he probably makes more money doing what he does before he went to rehab. And i get that you're not his biggest fan, which is fine, but you could show some respect, his wife got cancer which put a lot of stress on him and he had a hard time getting off pills, as do millioThe conspiracy that joe biden is a pedophile? The guy thats on tape multiple times sniffing little kids and clearly making them uncomfortable? The guy who was involved with a potus who flew on epsteins jet 26 times and coincidentally worked in an administration that covered it up? The point stands nonetheless, no libertarian would “vote Blue/Red noWhat does this have to do with alex jones? You want to vote for a democrat, so you dont belong on this sub. This sub is for libertarians. Libertarians dont vote for statist pedophiles. You know they have a r/democrat right? You know that me speaking out against democrats doesnt make me a republican and that they dont belong on this sub either rightYeah those scenes are super important because they spell the start of Anakin going down the dark side, but the whole awkward, quirky anakin thing feels more like poor acting than Hayden actually nailing down the role. Adam Driver has a similar part to play with Kylo ren being unstable and I think he sells it a lot better. And yes, those scenes are This is the duality in psychedelics that so often boggled me. The yin and the yang or whatever you want to call it. I think he means you’ll learn to interpret the situation completely differently from how you perceive it now and itll cause you to find it easier to relate to the world, especially as the trip gets more distant and you have more time again, this is only a popular opinion because we're on a website full of pre pubescent teens and people who think everything should be handed to them. Step out in the real world and ask the average American, european, asian, african... if its normal or reasonable to be ashamed of America. They're gonna think your "opinion" is an irl shitpost. PeoplTerrible move honestly, and really shows how poor the mentality of the fans can be sometimes. We've been going on about the transfer ban being a blessing in disguise and how it helped us promote academy players, and now you want to spend 100m pounds on an attacker when we have pulisic, cho, mount, rlc, tammy... I think this squad has a very delicatIts because of your mentality that no one runs a good candidate and we end up with Trump/Clinton. So thanks for being part of the problem and convincing more people to abide by your narrow, regressist ideology, our country sucks because of narrow minded sheep like you! Dont go to the polls, or if you do, vote for a third party, and if not, cast an I dont believe what OP thinks. I was playing devils advocate to the reply. To answer your question, maybe the universe “restarts” in your head like a memory on repeat, or your soul re-experiences reality over an over wherever our soul goes. Again, i dont believe that is what happens when we die, I was alluding to your first point; theres really no I believe they have a way of dealing with that actually, the points you shouldve gotten carry on over to the next semester and appears like a bad grade until you've taken classes for that semester, I could be confusing with something else tho, but i'd be surprised if they hadnt found a way to make it fair on the students that dont get all the pointYes, but a lot of tactics are involved during the game based on time, how many points your opponent scored (in soccer your opponent can only ever score 1 at a time). Coaches have to come up with entire plays from one down to the next. (Sean mcvay when he called a timeout as the saints kicker scored to make him retake it, which threw him off and preLmao of course its completely Trump, the media has never played this dirty with anyone, and the other side has never been this serious (and deluded) abt removing a man from office without any sort of concrete evidence
Not to say some republicans were unfair w obama and made it harder for him to run the country but the shit Trump has to deal with isYou guys are never gonna get over this huh? At first, IT WAS CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA INVOLVEMENT! Then, IT WAS THE RUSSIAN BOTS, now its because of an election that hasnt taken place yet. Which means youre saying youve been trying to impeach him for 3 years for a “crime” he committed just a few months ago. Its really pathetic, but with all the time youHard to describe in a short comment. Considered to american sports its really just that theres more emphasis on the mental aspect of the game, even tho i still watch basketball and football. Games are a lot more tactical, and rely a lot less on predispositions you cant work on too much (height, strength, tho you could work on strength i find it a lYes, thats why im making sure enough people are interested, i dont want to be out 2000$ and stuck with 100 copies of the same lp. The reason I made this project is bc I really wanted the Kid Cudi track to be something I always have, since it wasnt ever released, and yes, I do have it on Apple Music but its the kind of thing that can get lost if I sAh yes the good ol’ “move to somalia”
The kind of law congress can make 70 of in one year are not the kind that are necessary for our well-being and liberty. They’re not drafting a new constitution, they’re re allowing the patriot act, increasing their reach and span, imposing more of their iron fist over our weak commoner heads. Was america reallyI see wym, and im still open to the possibility that there is no creator,  its important to not confuse your belief and take it as an objective truth. The bottom line will always be that i do not know. I also think responsibility for oneself doesnt inherently conflict with the existence of a creator. As mentioned in op, this is at the end of the daI did not create myself. I was born from something. Think of this creator i speak of to be like some kind of parental figure. Gave me birth and i have to “obey” God/My parents not because i have to but also because i love him/them. Maybe not the best metaphor but i think you get what im saying. As for ego dissolution, ive indeed never experienced iAs i’ve said in the comments, i think you’re thinking too literally. The only thing that an extremely religious person and I share is the idea of creationism, and that who or whatever our creator is, we live in the world he has built for us. When i think about nature, animals, how this planet is ours, and all the other ones are flaming balls of gasI understand and to an extent i share your pov on religions being a sham (church manipulating ppl for money in exhcange for access to heaven, jihadists radicalizihg young men to do their bidding...) and thats why i dont believe in the literal interpretations. What i would share in common w the most religious people is that we came from something thI meant i don’t believe in literal interpretations of the bible and religious texts as some might. The stories are there to teach us the values and morals to lead a fulfilling life, not to tell us some guy 2000 years ago was able to walk on water so we should follow the churchs every word without thinking. I have not really conceptualized what “my Hello, I’m in marketing, ive only taken te introductory course to marketing and it was enough for me to decide to change my major. I find it painfully boring and pointless. Its all just common sense that they slapped a bunch of labels and definitions on. That said, you should look at what material and topics cover because it might interest you. Thiyeah it seems to be a pretty popular take in this community, I put it level w drones but if i had to choose one of the two id go w drones i think. 2nd law just isnt as consistent for me as the other albums. The only songs i really enjoy are supremacy, panic station, follow me and mercy (kinda). Its funny you said you liked it bc it was the first yoYou cant just half the price of a product. Not without losing a lot of money. These goods got cheaper because more and more people started to own/purchase them, and in turn, the quantities increase, driving down the price. Businesses cant just drive down the price of a product because people can’t afford essential services.
The only industries wherIm not sure. If its just the fast paced and corporatist lifestyle youre after you might be left feeling empty or confused when (if) you realize its not what you really wanted. I would suggest looking into the majors and see if one really feels like something you would enjoy doing. In human resources youll learn how to deal with conflict and ethicalI had the same experience after my first trip (also acid). Itll problably fade as the trip gets more and more distant. On my second trip i re-experienced many of the thing i did the first time but i didnt let it disconnect me from the real world after. It just feels like the first trip got rid of a lot of “clutter” in my brain cus i had never trippFunny im a native french speaker and i get by in this city even though i never speak french, even to Quebecers, but i guess you can always start to learn. Are any of your siblings in nearby cities, or are you close enough from home to visit on weekends or something? My parents live in Europe, i know the distance can be difficult. It sounds like itsBut your search for meaning manifests itself in the conscious part of your brain. You ask yourself what steps to take to lead a more meaningful life, or wonder what may be your purpose in this universe but i dont think one's quest for meaning can come from impulses within the id. Again, I could be wrong, but search for meaning feels like a life-lonThe pleasure and reality principles dont really have much to do with purpose. The pleasure principle is the driving force of the id, which is basically your need to satisfy desires immediately, which clashes with the reality principle, the driving force of the ego that is supposed to interpret reality and consequently keep the pleasure principle in 1) Minor narcotics crimes come with penalties ranging from fines to a maximum six months in jail, 2) Narcotics crime that result in penalties ranging from fines to maximum of three years in jail, 3) Serious narcotics crime with penalties ranging from at least two years in jail up to a maximum of seven years in jail, and 4) Exceptionally serious naI've listed specific examples of how swedish law benefits migrants and refugees, can you provide examples of the opposite instead of going for the alt-right card? Again this man has been involved in multiple crimes, one of which was a stabbing and he was let off. Look at crime statistics and you'll see its a lot easier to get away with sexual crimeYeah im half european i know how these things work, but he will indeed not be prosecuted you can verify that with a 30s google search, in fact hes been found guilty 5 times of assault, bodily harm with a weapon, theft and drug use in Sweden. You're right we dont shoot people in Europe, we put them above the law when they harass people on the streetYou fell in the trap set by the media and his haters. Jordan Peterson is absolutely not political and his speeches and rhetoric dont aim to reinforce right-wing ideals in a political way. I assume it's because any youtube video that features him usually goes something like "JP OBLITERATES radical FEMINIST sjw, left SPEECHLESS" or something along thI know I grew up in the United States and had to go through the same thing, everyone here replied the same thing. I was just saying if you're forcing someone to volunteer, by definition it's not volunteer work, its coercion. Sure I was glad to go to soup kitchens and whatnot in the end, but I dont think many wouldve done it of their own accord unleits the trolley problem, if you're not familiar with it its a moral dilemma where you have to choose between letting the train hit the 5 people or pull the lever so it only kills one (which would be murder some would argue while simply not pulling the lever wouldnt be killing the 5 people.) So yeah, the meme here implies Marina is doing both. The mIt probably goes the other way too. But at the mere mention of supporting gun rights or suggesting the state shouldnt provide services like healthcare or roads, a switch turns on in people's brain and they just see you as a psycho, so wherever the conversation goes after that, they're not gonna think for that your stances could in any way be rationI'm half french half american, went to school with french people and americans, lived in america and in europe, have american friends and european friends. The simple answer is you cant. Europeans will never understand the American ideology when it comes to guns, free speech, anything really. I've observed there are two main reasons: The first beinQui a dit quoi que ce soit a propos de Trump? C'est fou cette mentalite a toujours aller chercher a mettre la faute a Trump. Je me fous de l'etat federal, ce qui importe c'est le fait que lesAmericains  ont un impacte moins important sur l'environement. Mais non, pour vous c'est plus important de pouvoir critiquer Trump et les Americains plutot queI dont find that too hard to believe, I live in Montreal at the moment and there are much stronger bonds between the two people than Americans for sure. Also french people love to hate the constitution, imperialism, capitalism but everybody tweets about their new nikes and France is the country that brings in the most revenue for McDonalds after USCounterpoints: Trump wants to build a wall but has no problem with Mexicans or otherwise coming in legally so I dont really understand this, he's not opposed to immigration at all. Also the European Union helped fund a border wall in Turkey to keep Syrians out. Yes African-Americans didnt have civil rights until recently but racial equality is a veliterally the most racist president of all time LITERALLY HITLER omg. You know some presidents used to own slaves right? Yes, black people get shot for minor offences, but so do white people and latinos... Also if there's any racial divide in our country it's because of people like you pushing that stupid narrative. If you hadn't demonized half theThe European Union is not what I meant in terms of coexistence. I meant that in America you can have a jewish neighbor, an African neightbor, a chinese neighbor and a muslim neighbor and it will be perfectly harmonious. Can't say the same for Europe at all.

Source: Was born European lived there total of 7 years and attended school with Europeans aMy experience is based on the people I met in school, clerks, and also the disastrous public transport. 

My family comes from the south of France and people are a lot frendlier there, in reality it's all of France tho, people from Paris dont have a very good reputation among the remainder of the french population. They're seen as arrogant and rude