I’d start with these guys - url

They have a lot they can offer. I link to this site rather than the councils own because the council site is not very accessible on screen readers. 

If you’re a guide dog user then guide dogs in Birmingham are based in Harbourne which is very close to Selly Oak. I know they also offer mobility sessions to help you Servals tend to be a bit less that F1 simply because they’re easier to breed and need less care from birth. They tend to be around the same price as an F2 but that should still be in the thousands. 

If your breeder didn’t check you out then yeah, they definitely might be dodgy. Mine interviewed me, after I’d sent a full breakdown of my household aYes many many years ago they used cats like bengals to start the breed. This isn’t done any more. The whole nonsense about them being random moggies that got randomly killed and replaced just isn’t true either. 

As for random people buying Servals, it’s extremely unlikely. The breeders are breeding in very low numbers and are careful about who theHave you tried asking what day their live food arrives? They don’t look after them or anything so they’ll be good on delivery day but die off through the week. 

Not sure if you’d be up for it but I used to use this - url

What you do is buy crickets fMercedes was a very old bear and when they built her enclosure in 1984 it was really good at the time. Things move on and it ended up very dated. In 2009 she was moved to HWP in a new 4 acre enclosure which was much better for her. 

url

She unfortunately died 2 years later but she was 30. The average for polar bears is 15-18 years. 

It’s kind ofLet’s simplify this for you. Today there are a massive amount of kittens in rescues, more than can be rehomed. Your stupid ass bred 5 more. There are finite numbers of homes to go around, in order for your kittens to have homes, those people will now not go to rescue to get those kittens. As a result of this 5 more kittens will be killed. 

You canI wouldn't be too worried for most of the time but newhall st is a bit noisy on friday and saturday nights because there are bars in the area, but looking at that specific junction it looks like theres nothing to keep the drunk crowd there so probably just passing drunks.

I would say if you drive then check the parking situation as street parking Eh, she didn’t have to drop out of uni when she got engaged though. She could have done her whole second year before she gave birth even staying on the birth schedule she had and she could have completed it altogether before she had her daughter. 

The family clearly encourages those choices too, there was no sense of concern that she was throwing I've worked in major aquariums and in the private arena, it's easy to say it doesn't work when you can't make it work, but I know a lot of people with 4's or 5's that have worked for years.

There are a lot of people in zoos that think that if they can't do something then nobody can, but the fennec foxes are considered nearly impossible in zoos but&gt;Because you never know if your SO is translating correctly, especially when y’all have been fighting so dang much. I’d want to make sure my point got heard. Ya know?

Brittany and Yazan come to mind.

Uncle - You can't force someone to convert to Islam, if she wants to marry you then she needs to want to convert, and that means changing a lot oI think you’re confused. I don’t think that they’re lower intelligence. People in general do, so for example when someone who isn’t great at English goes for a fairly mediocre job they may not get it because of the general assumption that their English abilities are a signifier of their intelligence. It happens in all languages btw, I’m just using I mean yes, she was super condescending and I assume quite sheltered to assume that a hospital wouldn't have incubators or the ability to do a C section, but I really liked that she took everything in and was like "Oh, ok, I was wrong".

Compared to most of the other mothers, Averys mum, Deavans mum, Chantels mum, they all thought the other countryLoads of patients who are older have survived. Even at the oldest ages the survival rate is over 80%. 

It’s been proven that the drugs she suggests not only don’t work in this scenario but actually cause more issues. 

IF she’s telling the truth (which after reading more into her I don’t think she is) then it’s because any patients who are very ilTbf, I think part of it is an education thing, a lot of people freeze in this situation, but other think that if she/he is not saying no then it's consent. When I taught sex ed I taught 'enthusiastic consent', basically is the other person progressing the situation, are they verbally expressing their desires, are they very very clearly into what's Vienna is more modern, it has some nice old buildings, I loved the Schönbrunn palace for example, but the whole thing in Bratislava was just lovely. I stayed in the old town and just walking around at night looking at all the buildings was stunning. 

I also went out to Devín Castle and had a walk in the forest, which was just so beautiful. 

url -So this girl is 14 now but her mum has been heavily pushing her on social media since she was I think 11? She encourages her to dress in very adult clothing and puts her in adult situations. They both pretend that she’s older to make this ok but only by two years and it’s not ok. 

Her mum has encouraged her to get into very adult relationships witMy younger nephew stared at me until he was like 18 months. Like I'd come in the room and he'd be fixated on me, I think it's like with cats, cats normally go to people who are frightened of cats cause they don't make eye contact and are unthreatening. I'm creeped out by babies, especialy ones that stare at me, so I'm unthreatening and therefore a Minimum tank size for pacu is around 1000 litres which although uncommon, the people who have that size tank hate buying baby fish, so there's a good market for decent sized pacu, silver arowana, that sort of thing. We also did a decent trade in stupidly huge plecos, because again, people with big tanks don't want to grow them. I still don't reallyOur rule was nothing impossible to rehome. So no red tail cats, no pangasius, no arapaima, you get the gist. We’d pay if it was an easy sell. We got some weird shit dropped off though. One dude said he had a 6 inch pacu, which is like, hard but someone will have space for it. Turned up and it was the size of a basketball. Guy says he’s not good witIs there any religion class in the US? In my country you do religious education from start of school to like 14 with the choice to continue at that point. When we were really little it was stuff like making lights for divali, colouring in menorah for hannakuh, that sort of thing. When you get older it’s more like ‘choose 2 religions and explain whaNo, I think you're OK. I think this is a producer or otherwise a harmless person. As far as your netflix and stuff, change the password there, somebody has that, it might be someone you know or it might be a stranger. Beyond that, careful of links that come by email, they might be trying to get your passwords. 

When/if this woman emails you, you wI have no idea, wrong country for me. From here you can absolutely get both aquacultured and genuine live rock, but it gets processed so much that there’s no life left. “Fully cured” live rock basically. When I started in marine you got cured or uncured. Cured would have gone through processing but less so than now. Uncured would be taken from wherI got a bloke come in for a water test once because one of his clownfish looked a bit sick. Salinity was 1.010 to start with which was already suggesting that something was wrong. Then mad high ammonia, low PH, no nitrite or nitrate, so I start asking questions, what size tank, what filter, you know the type. 

He gets me up a video. He has a smallUk, which you already have a lot of but apparently I learnt something different from everyone else. 

We got Harriet Tubman and the Underground Railroad, and slavery in general around that. We actually did a lesson where you had to try to sell your classmate as a slave, it was quite nice cause you got in pairs and had to say nice things about each The person you're replying to means DNA like an Ancestry test. The ones your referring to are like police take and will only be matched with people in that database so if, for example, Selma was adopted and isn't fuly aware of where she came from, she will never end up on that database. She may however do a public test on Ancestry or 23&amp;me. 

IIt's about portraying reality, which in return actually helps people. You give a starving child your sandwich, then that one kid survives a few days longer, but you film the starving child, send the footage to the news or put it in a documentary or whatever, then charities come, people send aid, people petition their governments to help.

None of tKinda NTA but I'm worried about your mum and I'm not sure that abandoning her is a good idea. He's lied about some stuff, which is a red flag, and he seems generally a bit manipulative. If he's a proper wrongun then he'll be loving isolating her, turning her family against her, leaving her with nobody but him. This is where, if he's a really bad peNTA obviously, but I've actually always done this, I give them an email usually, and answer questions in my own time but I don't go too far, like if they say they can't find a printer disc and I have to tell them then that's fine, if they have a bigger issue, say they want me to teach them how to use a certain program, then I say no and either give&gt;	Not good tankmates. When stressed its Mucous secretes Pahutoxin, formerly called ostracitoxin, an ichthyotoxic neurotoxin.

The current belief is that this is produced by something they eat in the wild. The documented cases all appear to be newly caught adults, and doesn’t happen from newly caught juvies or long term pets. 

Lots of boxes beinHave you had your CV looked at? It can also help to get someone to help you look at your applications. With these kinds of jobs you don’t need a lot of qualifications but you do need to prove certain qualities, for example you’ll need to prove that you can be polite and helpful to customers, is there a time you’ve done that? If you’ve had customer We used to feed the tigers scrap from abbatoirs, but like not the contaminated stuff, just the bits they wouldn’t sell, which was fine, until our female tiger dragged a very fresh horse head out of her den and in full sight of a school. 

The local papers had a field day and we had to switch to ‘acceptable’ cuts of meat, like ribs, which cost way mThey train them using positive methods, that’s what the fish is about. 

When you see performing animals always look what the trainer has in their hands, a stick, a bull hook, a whip, then don’t support that, but if it’s treats then it’s usually ok. 

In some places it can be that the animals are trained with negative methods and then they don’t brSo there’s been two trainer deaths caused by Orca or killer whales. One was Dawn Brancheau who was pulled into the water by her ponytail and the other was weirdly enough only two months before at Loro Parque in Tenerife. 

Both cases were fairly similar in that the animals appeared to be playing with the trainers in a similar way that they play witTilikum was a boy, so I’m a bit confused what the op is talking about. 

The mother here is Taima and the baby is Malia. Tilikum is actually Malias father. 

The trainer could possibly be Dawn Brancheau who was killed by Tilikum but something doesn’t look quite right about her hair and face to me, hard to tell though. There are no other trainers wh&gt;	It might seem a bit overkill, but you should consider sanitizing everything that you purchased before putting it away.

The virus only lives on surfaces for 24 hours so you can put it apart from your Normal stuff and just not touch it for that time. I’ve got separate shelves for new stuff and it helps cause some things can’t be properly sanitiSort of, but then that isn’t relevant here. FGM is performed in certain cultures and people from those cultures follow the practice regardless of religion. 

For example, 90% of Yoruba women have gone through some type of FGM, traditionally they follow the Yoruba religion but in modern times many have converted to Christianity but this has not chan&gt;	From what seen there is very little risk

If they take puberty blockers for their whole childhood then it can have an affect on eventual height and some other bits. 

HOWEVER, I work with kids, they have phases, if it’s a phase it’ll pass in a year and there’s no issue with delaying puberty by a year. If they are totally 100% on board for likeYeah, it’s not great. I am surprised that he planned to just store her in an orphanage for her childhood and go get her once she was grown, but reading about Malawi, it does seem like the done thing when their mothers die. David’s dad put him in the orphanage at 5 weeks old and then visited twice a week, again, with the plan of having him back afteIt was her daughter that caused issues. Basically it seems that her uncle didn’t understand what adoption meant and thought that Madonna was just taking the girl temporarily. By the time she was adopted she’d been in the orphanage for her whole life and the family visited regularly and apparently planned to have her back when she was older. 

He di&gt;	For example, these three image sets show a discus, rainbowfish and betta (Siamese fighting fish) before and after they were purchased by an experienced owner from a low-quality supplier.

Those are juvenile fish gaining adult colours. All rainbow fish in particular are silver as juveniles which is why they’re so tricky to sell because they donThat’s interesting. The gecko guy that I was referring to in particular had started with wild caught adults so could be tracked very well. It makes sense though that documentation is an issue in general. 

I wonder if it goes back to the big cat issue with ex circus animals, a lot of lions for example were classed as Barbary because of their big maWhat I noticed is that she never said "I asked you to go see it" or "you said that you'd gone", just that he should have. I wonder if she never actually bothered asking and just blamed him after the fact?

Either way, the apartment was fine, they're a young couple with two very small kids, why do they need more space than that? Especially when it'sPlease don’t use flatworm exit on this tank, there’s way too many and you’ll crash the tank. 

Start by siphoning out as many as possible, then add a flatworm eating fish, I’ve got Springers Damsels in mine who are very good, but six lines, coris wrasse, anything like that should also help. 

Keep regularly siphoning until you get the numbers rightI used to work in a zoo and am also an exotic pet keeper, some animals genuinely do better in a pet home, Fennec foxes for example are fairly nervous animals and breed very badly in zoos with all those strange people being around all day long, and have a way better record in pet homes where they see the same few trusted people every day. 

It's simSo the way we dock dogs tails (which shouldn't be done for non medical reasons) is that we put the dogs under, remove the tail, and sew up the end. It isn't super nice, but no more painful than any other major operation. 

For cleaning, you need a hosepipe, that's basically it, and as I said before it doesn't get rid of all flystrike, just the sligThey do. You can see the pain for yourself by tying a tight band round your finger for 30 seconds or so, I've done it in the past, it's excruciating. 

With sheep, they believe it helps with flystrike, thats when animals get faeces encrusted on their bottom so badly that maggots begin growing there. If you are properly looking after your sheep then&gt;monkey friends pick coconuts and love their owners  
&gt;  
&gt;according to the trainers who are profiting off the monkeys. I would look more into it, but the link to their school from the article is dead.

I think with most animal industries, some are bad, some are good. Lots of horses that work at riding schools are treated like royalty, lotYeah, my grandad died of an infection too. He fell and injured his head. He was recovering though, off the ventilator and was starting to eat real food and could talk to us, asked to see certain people, asking my Nan to make him a dinner because hospital food was crap. 

Then he got MRSA and went down fast. I’m sure he didn’t get that by himself beLike 6 by 3 as a minimum tank size? There’s a takeaway that has one by me.

It should be said that the prices in the post are a bit exaggerated. You can get a silver for £12 and the Asian start around £80 for low end babies. We did get an order for a certain fish from a very rich gentleman at my shop for like £15,000 for this very high end one, butThat’s completely untrue. 

These are the possible causes of drop eye, none of which are eating too much - url

The eye being forced downwards means that the fish can not see up. Aro’s are top feeders so they then can’t see their food. I’ve looked after a number of drop eye fish and they take a lot longer to find it, if they do live with other fishSo you don’t have to read the article, the animals they had were - 

&gt;eight snakes, at least 56 dogs, 86 chickens, 10 rabbits, one gecko, four parakeets, three cats, one pheasant, three sugar gilders, and 531 mice, rats, and hampsters.

The spelling of Hamsters is theirs not mine. The only dog picture is a Jack Russell type in a crate which it a&gt;	Another secret of the industry is that some of the LFSs get their bettas from the same distributors as the chain stores (LFS employees have told me as much). They are just a little more picky about the fish they select.

So most fish come from the same distributors. What happens generally is that betta are raised in ponds, like this - url

TheThe males have that spike on the front of the top fin. Females don’t. They are often sold as a group. 

And yes you probably need a skimmer. Have you got a SW tank already? They’re not really beginner fish with their feeding needs and they’re not especially hardy. If you haven’t done it before I’d get set up and have a few easy fish for a while, clDid my mums side when I was about 12 from a family bible some adoption dead ends but mostly well documented, started doing my dads side 5 years ago, less documentation but I did ok, did a test and my dads side is totally spot on, mums side is totally messed up. Not related to a single person that I can link into the family tree. No idea what's goinVery unlikely. The issue with fundamentalists is that its a small group, so it's not an issue if 4th cousins marry, but its cousin marriage all the way back, Aspyn marries a 4th cousin, her mum married a 3rd, her grandmother and further back followed the same system, eventually it does lead to issues. 

The FLDS group have a big issue now -  [url#:I'm not a fan of calling this young girl a 'slut', bit much there. 

I grew up doing dance and the outfits worn by actual children are more revealing there, like these - 

url

url

It just helps the silhoette. In addition in pole you need skin, she does quite a few moves in this routine where she needs stomach skin, so the best she could do is a sBicolour should be fine. Remember that fish don’t know measurements, we have a guess on minimum tank sizes but there’s other things that are more important like scapes, food choice, height, etc. 

Pay attention to his behaviour, if you notice that he’s very active or distressed for no reason then he might want more space, but if he’s calm, pecking So two things to note, firstly the fish in SW often need more space than FW and with a small tank you’ll find yourself limited on options of suitable fish. 

Secondly everyone always wants to go bigger as soon as they’re set up. 

Not saying you shouldn’t (my first was a lovely 60l that had a few fish in), but it does work out pricier if you buy a There’s a range that come up. My budget is quite a bit lower and I’m looking for a two bed but I’ve found a good few over the last year. Not many people selling atm for obvious reasons but that will change. 

Another option is the new raddlebarn Road developments, most of which will be in the Bournville school catchment area even if they aren’t strAnother couple of areas nobody has mentioned. Kings norton and longbridge. Both are on the Trainline direct to town, not too bad to drive either, and lots of choice for nice houses and decent schools. 

Personally I’d be choosing Bournville with your budget, but you need to be aware that there’s a lot of bylaws etc and you would struggle to alter t