Understanding how the body works is, of course, a scientific discovery.  And a "discovery" that changed over the years.  Trained doctors once believed that bleeding a patient would let out all the "bad humours" and that would make them well.  

That discovery is still going on.

I am talking about the basics of a non-scientist's understanding of hoIn addition to "scientific data" - a photo of a smoker's lung - people could then see what happened to a lung that had been used to filter tobacco smoke.

A thinking person who understood the basics of how a body works would have to wonder why it was OK to use healthy lungs as a filter for tobacco smoke.  And wouldn't that cause the lungs to not woWhile agree that the way scientists work is being presented can be a problem, there is no doubt that some scientists have taken money to come to a conclusion that their employer wanted.  

Don't tell me what my problem is.  You don't know me or anything about me or my background.  

The results of the research ARE in question.  That's the whole poiKeep in mind that scientists make mistakes or learn something new all the time.  One year, "science" might say.."this is OK!" and the next year, "science" might say.... "this is NOT OK!"  I could give you a number of examples.

Keep in mind that you can read an article that says, "Studies show that drinking coffee every day increases life span" andAbsolutely true!  I have a Kindle Unlimited subscription so it's a little easier.  But if I start reading a book and then start thinking, "this is crap....", I stop reading and return it.  (And I don't care how many millions of copies it has sold or who absolutely "loves, loves, loves" it.) Life is too short to waste time reading books you don't liGosh, my poor neighbor!  I guess he doesn't know that he needs 15 gallons of water and some pesticides to grow almonds.  His just grow without that.  He is not a commercial grower, but we live in a tropical country and he has banana, almond and papaya trees in his yard and he never puts pesticide on them or waters them.  

Of course, in a commerciaThese days, I always celebrate my birthday alone.  For me, it is a day of introspection and thinking about the last year and thinking about the next year.

For the last few years, I have tried to do something "special" with my birthday.  Five years ago, I climbed a Mayan pyramid in Guatemala.  Probably can't top that so I've just been doing simple For most of its EARLY history, tobacco was considered medicinal. But at some point, that changed.  Maybe it was when there were autopsies and photos of people's lungs who had smoked.  I'm not sure.  

But common sense would tell you that it is a disgusting habit that is an addiction and makes you, at a minimum, short of breath with lots of coughingThis is why I can't believe in "the science!"  or "highly-educated doctors!" 100% of the time.  Flawed studies, studies bought and paid for by commercial interests, doctors who are idiots or just stuck in a narrow rut of thinking -- these are things that really turn me off to "science."  I am not highly educated nor a scientist nor an MD.  But I doI once gave "Naturalist Boat Tours" in Florida where we would slowly make our way through saltmarshes and then stop at a small island and walk the beach.  

There were 4 people on the small boat; a nice, young couple and two guys who were obviously buddies.  The buddies made fun of everything I said, often just giggling in the background.  

When wSome websites that offer jobs for freelancers in English will not accept you if you don't live in the US, UK, Canada, Australia or New Zealand, even if you are a native speaker.  A few of them don't state that but when you go to sign up and put in your address, the choices are limited to those.  For others out of the US, you must be a US citizen anI use paper, pen and my phone.

I set up a spreadsheet that I print out - it's really simple and just has three headings:  Date, What, Amount of time

When I start work on something, I first write the project on the sheet and then start the timer on my phone.  When I stop working, I stop the timer and write down the amount of time I have spent on tThe other less rainy area would be the northern Guanacaste/Pacific coast.  This area has many nice beaches but it more developed than the Caribbean coast.  The beach towns of Playas del Coco and Playa Hermosa are only 30 minutes from LIR (Liberia) airport.  North of these, you will find mostly big hotel resorts.  But south, you can find an array ofThe Caribbean coast is a great place to be in September.  This website is filled with information about the area, lodging and things to do.  url

Don't be put off by what you see about Costa Rican weather.  It is often wrong.  Weather forecasts for my area of Costa Rica show rain every day, but it has not rained here for the past four days.  

HopeWhat happens then is a society that totally depends on other people to build, repair, fix, maintain.  

Perhaps in your current situation, you are able and happy to pay people to do things for you, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't learn how to do things.  There are advantages to "knowing stuff" and one of them is being able to tell if someoThe real question is:  How much damage can this asshole do in the next 6 months?  Civil servants have a way of dealing with people like this and I hope that will be the case.  Can he damage the US military as seen from abroad with his bullshit?  Probably not because most countries know what is going on in the US and either shake their heads or laugI talk to my cats like they are humans.

1.  Don't jump on the screen.  If you want to go out, come and ask.

2.  I gave you some yogurt already!

3.  All right, all right, I'm getting your food ain't I?

4.  Sissy, are we going to take a nap together today?

5.  Sissy, please don't bite my hair.

Sadly, they never answer.  I don't know if they areYou'd be surprised when it turns out that he no longer has the power that he has today.  Scum like McConnell will flip to do whatever benefits them.  Giving some thought to who Trump might actually listen to, McConnell's name could rise to the top.  If not McConnell, is there anyone you can think of that Trump would listen to?  Maybe one of his supWell....  maybe he will and maybe he won't.  

Really, I think it depends on how it all plays out and what Trump would agree to do or not do for a pardon.  With the Nixon pardon, it was felt that it was more important to get on with the business of the country rather than continue to be divisive and have that kind of upheaval that would have resultHeadlines January 23, 2021:

Trump, backed by rogue Federal officers refuses to leave White House calling election "rigged."

January 24:  President Biden to decide how to remove Trump from White House

January 25:  Biden sends McConnell to talk to Trump.

January 26:  Supreme Court verifies election results

January 27:   Armed federal officers en"...The payments had continued into his time as vice president; they had nothing to do with the Watergate scandal, in which he was not implicated. After months of maintaining his innocence, Agnew pleaded no contest to a single felony charge of tax evasion and resigned from office. "  from Wikipedia.  

"Railroaded?"  Possibly.  But he definitely waTapir Valley Nature Preserve, Bijagua, Costa Rica.

While Costa Rica has many areas that are "mainstream tourist destinations," this isn't one of them.  Created to leave it as natural as possible, they have limited numbers of persons per day.  It's easy to see elusive tapirs here, as  previous visitors can testify.  For birders, three are several hWrite.  Take writing courses.  Write every day.  If you have friends or family who are editors, ask them to look at what you write.  And request that they are brutal and not friendly.

Then write some more.  

Pick your area of expertise and see what people are writing.  Look at the point of view, the number of words and how it is written.  

Then This made me laugh out loud.

Yeah, all you guys who sat behind a desk while your belly got big at taxpayer expense are the only ones who deserve freedom.  Such a sacrifice!

And really, after WWII, exactly which war was fought to maintain "freedom?"  

Someone has been feeding you a lot of propaganda and it is kind of sad.  

And yes, it is super Just because someone says "Cows are not just big dogs," that doesn't make them a cow-hater.  It makes them a realist.

If you want to live in a unicorn world where cows are just big dogs, that's your privilege.  It's my privilege to point out that cows are not just big dogs -- and -- it's an insult to cows to say that, furthermore.

Cows are speciaI also love cows and dogs and have some experience with not trusting bulls.  

I was raising 5 or 6 bulls and was usually very cautious around them.  I went to the chicken house to get a few eggs for breakfast and as I came out of the door, there was a young bull staring at me.  Hmmm.  What was he up to?  He started pawing the ground and shaking hiSorry, but cows are not just big dogs.  They are cows.  And completely different from dogs in biology and behavior.

This calf is not all excited at being petted, he/she is looking for some food.  "Is there a thing here that I can suck on and get some milk?"

Giving an animal behaviors and qualities that they don't actually have is not doing them aThat's a good question!  I have not researched it at all but I would be curious to know just what Iran has done about it.  

Sometimes, the trawler groups go into a remote area, quickly fish it out (it doesn't take long with the size boats and equipment they have) and move on before they can be reported and the government act on it.  

When I livedThe problem is not a "few bad cops" but police departments that have institutionalized racism, homophobia and just generally mean-spirited with their dislike of most people.  Just look at what police organizations have done recently by supporting police officers that are clearly "bad apples" and need to be removed from the force, at a minimum,  andYou have obviously never BEEN in a protest.  

You are in the middle of a crowd of people so you have little idea of what is going on other than immediately surrounding you.  If you are not in an area where someone is misbehaving, how do you stop it?

Most of these protesters are non-violent and would try to avoid a confrontation that led to violenThe "wished her well" part is the scary part.  Not only did he not recognize the depth of depravity of she and Epstein, he did not bother to try and distance himself from that ugliness.  People protesting for police restraint are "terrorists" but a known pedophile he "wishes her well?"  It should be astounding but give this is just one in a long liMaybe this headline should be "In the World, Chinese trawlers are damaging marine ecosystems and the livelihood of local fishermen." They do it all over the world and they don't give a shit.  These trawlers go out in groups and rape and pillage a whole ecosystem of whatever seafood they can find and then move on to the next one.  Countries that havI have a friend who is triggered by so many things on Facebook.  She sends me WhatsApp messages all the time about some perceived injustice or other.  Typically, I will spend some time explaining it logically and asking her some questions - like "who is they?" and trying to show her just why this thing happened or why the government issued a new reI always wonder about the people who will tailgate and struggle to pass on a two-lane highway, only to find myself behind them at a red light or when traffic is really slow.  How many minutes fewer of travel did they hope to gain with all that struggling and anxiety?  And yes, I am going slower that you like because there are two huge tractor trailThis is definitely a scam.  They just threw out the name "Harper/Collins" to impress you.  

If you are concerned that they have your information, you could contact them and politely refuse the job, citing "too many work commitments" or something similar."

Free advice:  Remember to note when you make a proposal on Upwork or anywhere, whether you dThanks.  

Yeah, we each need to do what works for us.

Is there ever enough "real estate" on a physical desk?  :)  I end up taking my papers out and spreading them out on my counter top until the cats decide they want to sleep there.  It seems important to me to spread out things so I can see them easily - you know, "Things to write about," "QueriPeople like Clinton (or even Trump) have taken photos with a LOT of people.  I don't think that a photo alone makes a case for Clinton being involved with Epstein's shenanigans.  

But like Harvey Weinstein, there had to have been lots of swirling rumors and stories about Epstein and what was going on which means that anyone who was not involved shThis whole thing sounds weird to me.  

Why wouldn't a company have an employee take the minutes and then turn them into the proper format?  Why do they need a freelance writer for this?  Unless they want to "pretty up" the minutes.  

So you are hired to take the minutes of the meeting, distill your notes and audio recording and create a set of miIt depends on what the author is asking.  If they are asking "How did you like my book?" as someone who would ask a reader, then that's one thing. I would tell them honestly but carefully in one sentence.  "It's interesting, but not really my cup of tea.  Hope it does well for you." or whatever.

 If the author asks "What could I do to make this beI'm so low-tech that I just use a printed blank spreadsheet and the stopwatch on my phone.  I write down the piece I am working on, start the timer and start to work.  I work on the piece until I feel like I am not making headway, stop the timer and note the amount of time I used.  

I am only working on 5 or 6 things at a time, but it works for meIt can depend on the contract and your relationship with the client.  If this is a client who regularly uses you and pays you on time and well, then maybe nothing.  If you are struggling to make money on the contract, that's another thing.

It can also depend on how much time/effort you have to put into getting the graphic designer up to speed on tI've lived a long time and I don't consider it "total speculation" but just an on-point telling of the truth.  I totally agree with everything written there because I lived through it.

I was born and raised in the US and lived there for a long time.  But I now live in another country and have been there for many years.  So I have a kind of "on theI have always warned a poster before banning them.  In my case, it was someone who posted blatant advertising.  I  removed the ad and they posted it  again.  I gave the poster a warning, saying advertising was not allowed and not to post another ad or they would be banned.  They posted another ad and I banned them.  Yep, they posted another ad and I once worked for a small software company that had a young man from Jamaica working there.  He was in the country on some kind of special program where he worked for a year in a tech job and it was almost time for him to return home.

We were kind of gathered around talking to him about it and one guy asked, "When are you leaving?"

And he repliedThis was a difficult lesson for me to learn when I retired.  

I had been self-employed or owned my own business for many years.  My brain was always on "GO!" and I would sometimes wake up at 2 am with the solution to a problem I was wondering about.

After I retired, I found myself up and dressed and breakfast finished by 7 am.   Lol.  

For me, tIf you are Costa Rican, then you know that it is often difficult to easily find announcements of new regulations and any details about them.  This is why I will typically quote or refer to newspaper accounts, particularly reliable sources such as La Nacion or Tico Times.  They know just where to go to ferret out this information.  I do not.  I coulIt does seem odd.  But there's been a lot of pressure by tourism organizations for the government to open the country to tourists.  Canada, UK and UE do provide a large part of the visitors to our country and this is the only reason I can think of.  I mean, they didn't include New Zealand which is a MODEL when it comes to how they handled the virusNot being able to READ would preclude your going to trade school, no matter what high school diploma you have.

Yes, it's a different skill set when you work in a trade such a carpentry or auto mechanic.  But you still have to be able to READ to get a job.  You need to read blueprints or schematics or just to upgrade your skills or regulations.  

Yes, Costa Rica is open to travelers from the UK.

Hotels are open with restrictions (right now, only 50% of rooms can be booked) and Covid protocols in place.  

Right now, some tours are open and some are not.  The ones that are not open are ones that tend to put a bunch of people in close proximity - like a sailboat tour with 40 people on board.It may depend on just how someone reaches out to the author.

I went to his website and got his email address.  I sent him an email, telling him that while I enjoyed the book and he did a good job with the story and the characterization, the editing/proofreading was a problem.  I then provided a one-page correction of a couple of pages of the text.Then the education system cannot be deemed "successful" if someone can graduate high school and not be able to read.  

I exclude things such as dyslexia because most schools have programs to deal with that.

This may be another case of "Look at how good we are!" from the US while all around the world, countries have better literacy rates.  

This This guy thanked me and said he had corrected the problems pointed out.  I replied that this was only for a few pages of the book and the rest of the book was just as bad.

He told me that yes, he did have a professional editor and a beta reader, etc etc, but they had missed all those mistakes.  

Nope, I'm not buying that.  What I am buying is thaI've been doing a "United Nations of tv watching."  Lol.   First, I went through a bunch of movies and tv shows from Russia.  I moved on to watch a tv show from Spain (Alta Mar).  Next, it was "Grand Hotel" set in Egypt.  Now, I'm watching "The Gift" from Turkey.  On top of this, I've watched a whole raft of European shows and a couple of my favoriI guess the next step will be to send witch doctors to hospitals to take out the demons from the bodies of Coronavirus patients.

And on a side note....  this is why I don't always go with "But the doctor said so!  And they are more educated than you!!"  

Someone needs to pull this woman's license to practice medicine.  I am now wondering about thNot really.  When I am reading, I turn off my editing brain.  However, sometimes, when the mistake is so obvious, I can't help but emit a little "tch..".  Like "boarder" for "border" or "sales" for "sails."

One book that I read and almost enjoyed was so full of mistakes like this, I started keeping a list and ended up contacting the author, recommPeople don't seem to understand that this shit goes on everywhere, all the time.  Just because it is not as obvious as these racist and ignorant assholes, doesn't mean it doesn't happen.   

Racism in many contexts is frowned on.  In this case, racists usually keep silent.  But that doesn't mean they have changed their point of view or are even incTesting and preparing for tests has replaced getting educated in many places.  The school my granddaughter attended hired a teacher to do nothing but prepare students for taking tests.  The test results are used to fund schools and pay teachers so that is their motivation.  Many MANY students get left along the way.

Look into "No child left behindI suppose it would be better to trust what an airline pilot says rather than a statement from the government of Costa Rica.  /s

Really, people keep trying and keep trying and keep trying.  But people from the US are not allowed in Costa Rica right now.  When the situation in the US changes, that will change.  The broad government statement said, "That's not my understanding.  My understanding is that it IS a ban on US citizens entering Costa Rica, no matter what airport they fly from.  

It clearly says that Costa Rica will accept only citizens of the EU, UK and Canada.

Edit:  Now that I think about it, perhaps you are referring to, say, a US citizen living in the UK or some similar situatNo.  On August 1, only citizens of UK, EU and Canada will be allowed to visit. 

"Visa policy" is that only citizens of UK, EU and Canada will be allowed to visit.  

People from the US will not be allowed to enter Costa Rica on August 1 (or August 2).  The Ministry of Health has made it clear that only visitors from countries that have controlled 