But it clearly was self defense. You can see the old guy hitting him at the beginning, and last time this was posted someone found more information revealing that the old guy actually was attacking him first, as has been pointed out by several other people.

I'm pretty sure ssaulting someone over 65 isn't a hate crime. That doesn't even make any se&gt;Since phobias are mental illnesses i’m going to apply your logic to other mental illnesses so you can see you’re an asshole.

That's nice.

&gt;PTSD is just fear you’ll overcome it. Schizophrenia is just hallucinations you’ll just get over it. Depression is just sadness you’ll be fine in a hour.

Noticed how I said they can be overcome, not tha&gt;open relationships and marrying multiple people are two totally different things. In case you failed to see, the subject was polygamy.

Yes, and I made a comparison to another harmless lifestyle choice in an attempt to highlight the flaw in your logic. Clearly you misunderstood.

What's wrong with polygamy, as long as all parties are consentingAgain, I did look it up. Why do you think I'd lie about this? It's not a big deal, so why wouldn't I just admit it? I genuinely did search for it for quite a while, including looking on the official Xbox site. Sure, I might be an idiot for not finding it, but I did look. If you're just going to keep stubbornly insulating that you have some sort of Okay? I didn't search that exact string of text. No biggie.

I don't see why you're so mad over a Reddit post you can easily ignore. I couldn't find the answer, so I asked. Sure, the answer is out there, but I didn't find it, so I asked people who know about this stuff better than I do for a direct answer. I got an answer, so there's no issue. All &gt;I mean the "issue" is you saying it's unclear &amp; you couldn't find confirmation, when the answer is all over Google if you had actually bothered searching before posting here.

I did search, several times.

&gt;Not only is it obvious

You keep saying that as if it means anything. I was simply confirming the answer.

&gt;but if you do search Is it also rude to comment on a person's clothes? What about their haircut? Is it rude to comment on their tattoos? Is it rude to complement any of these things?

Just because you're overly defensive doesn't mean it's generally rude to talk about makeup. Get a grip and stop trying to tell people what they can and cannot say to people you've never m&gt;The games are in a different UNIVERSAL STREAM to the cartoon, but they ARE in the same continuity

Wait, what? No. 'Continuity' and 'universal stream' refer to the same concept. 'Continuity' is a real-world term, while 'universal stream' is the term used in-fiction by the transcendent technomorphs who catalogue them.

They're in different univeI was banned from AHS for literally no reason. They refused to tell me what I'd done because "redemption comes from within" (read: "we don't know"), then muted me when I called them out on their terrible mod work.

I was also banned from r/BAMEvoicesUK for calling out someone being hateful against cops and explicitly promoting violence against them&gt;I assumed 95 for titanfall bc it’s a fps, the genre literally has a history of people behaving like shit

Yes, and everyone suffers from it.

&gt;then you come here and say it’s their choice to not play lmao

Because it is. Who is stopping them from playing? Is it not their own choice? Please think about what you say next time.

&gt;like, has tI really don't see what you're getting at. Why do you think girls don't play games as much as boys? If you're saying it's anything other than their choice, you're delusional.

Diversity has nothing to do with this. Unless you're going to force girls to play video games, I don't see a way to make it happen, and that's okay. Not everything has to be I mean if you think the Transformers films are good, there's other stuff in the franchise that would blow your mind. The films were my introduction to Transformers, but once I started digging deeper, I realised that they're done of the worst things to come out of the franchise. The first one was great, and they're starting to look up after BumblebeA robot is "a machine—especially one programmable by a computer— capable of carrying out a complex series of actions automatically". I guess that doesn't necessarily mean they can't be alive, but I'd say it implies it.

Transformers has a surprisingly deep lore. I guess it's probably just because I'm already a fan, but I think it's really interestiOptimus is a Cybertronian, a race of aliens who just so happen to be mechanical. They're fully sentient, and usually said to have come about by natural means. How close they are to what we would know as robots depends on the continuity. The Cybertronians of G1 could be considered robots due to their origin as inventions of the Quintessons, later soI never understand how people see the entire franchise as a single cartoon or film series, but here we are.

Transformers isn't just that one cartoon. There's a shit ton of media making up the brand, and most of it is really good. Unfortunately, the worst aspects of the franchise always end up being the most well-known, like the live-action films. Wow, you're so desperate to keep arguing.

There's no difference between what I and that other guy did.

Are you trying to make an argument from popularity? I can't tell.

Why are you trying to say that a person agreeing with you counts as a source? I had people agreeing with me too.

Why are you implying I'm biased, yet the other guy isn't? I'm noThere are a few other comments saying exactly what I said, and they were all accepted. Everyone already knows what I said to be true. Everybody accepts that there are no titan-specific ejection messages. My comment was for the sole purpose of correcting that one person. I was simply providing information. 

This isn't a major thing, I don't know wh&gt;When he said believe you he meant upvote or support.

Oh, so we're changing the definitions of words now?

&gt;And no, read through everything and understand that you were extremely condescending and moderately hostile.

Dude, who cares? That's obviously not why I was downvoted. Are you saying I was hostile in my first comment? No, I was downvoI'm not being aggressive in the slightest. I'm simply pointing out what's clearly happening. I got downvoted when I corrected someone, meaning they probably didn't believe me. The guy then realised his mistake, yet I'm still getting downvoted, leading me to believe people are just refusing to accept it.

It's not a matter of believing me or not. ThIt's all good, don't worry about it. People are stubborn, and no matter what you do, they'll always find an excuse to take the focus away from the fact they were wrong. You realised on your own, but everyone else who made the same mistake is now finding out from you, so they can't really accept it. I've seen it quite a few times. It's like getting &gt;It's specifically targeting women and removing their choice in the matter.

Are you under the impression that the program will literally force the women to have sex with you? I don't think it's quite that effective.

&gt;The men here have all the power, the women have none.

If it's a man using the program. By your logic, anything at all target&gt;Well i dont know why you even bother, if you feel attacked if someone doesnt agree with the modern way of being an atheist

Disagreeing with me wasn't the attack. Calling me sad and pathetic for not believing in a fairytale is an attack.

&gt;I like the explanation of the basic concept of god by JP

Yeah, I love JP, but I think you need to stop&gt;You can prove something in history that had zero eyewitnesses? Not possible.

Yes it is. There's a little thing called 'cause and effect'.

&gt;You can't prove anything in history you didn't witness yourself, only have a high degree of confidence that it happened.

Yes, that's literally what 'prove' means. Nothing can be proven to 100% certaint&gt;religion is a form in which people try to make sense of abstract psychological concepts which cannot be explained in other ways we anthropomorphism things so we can put order in our thoughts and understand

Religion doesn't explain anything. "God did it" isn't an explanation, it's a cop-out. Religion hasn't ever provided us with a single scrap The main thing you need to understand is that a lot of the really good art on this sub come from people with years of experience, or even professionals. Sorry for the crappy cliche, but practice makes perfect.

I think you're right about setting your expectations too high. As you improve, you'll start expecting more. I guess it's a bit like a drug &gt;I'm not saying they/you are bad people. I'm saying hateful jokes are bad, and it's a weird look to be defending them. Hate isn't good, that shouldn't be controversial lol

There's a big difference between hate and a slightly offensive joke. The vast majority of people understand that.

&gt;But your defensiveness shows you recognize on some leveStarscream, Thundercracker and Skywarp.

Neo, Trinity and Morpheus.

Kickback, Shrapnel and Bombshell.

Ikora Rey, Cayde-6 and Commander Zavala.

Marty, Dr. Emmett Brown and Einstein.

The Dude, Walter and Donny.

Kevin, Sam and Quorra.

Sonic, Manic and Sonia.

Jack, Miko and Raf.

Tom, Mark and Travis.

Luke, Han and Leia.

Harry, Ron and Hermion&gt;Yes that was the joke. I’m making a joke, not one single person has disagreed, I’m clowning on you for calling me brave after saying something no one is disagreeing with.

The cognitive dissonance is strong with this one.

I was being sarcastic when I called you brave. I was saying that nobody was going to disagree with you. I was pointing out So satirically making sexist jokes will make me sexist. That's what you're saying.

&gt;We've all laughed at mean-spirited jokes, but I'd hope as someone who finds these jokes matures, they'll realize the message behind the joke is hateful, and no longer find it funny.

Pull the stick out of your ass. If you don't find a joke funny, don't laugh. Yo'Sore' means when something has a dull pain, like if you're aching after working out, or if you bang your head and it hurts to touch.

"My butt is really sore after that long bike ride."

'Saw' is the past tense of 'to see'.

"I thought I saw a pussy cat."

'Saw' is also the name of the tool you use to cut things, or the act of using that tool.

"IMy high school sports hall had a net just below the roof with maybe a metre gap. The holes were the perfect size for shuttlecocks and small foam balls to fit through, but too small to drop back down. Whenever the teacher wasn't looking, I used to immediately abandon the game and rapid-fire shuttlecocks straight up through it. As soon as he looked bIt's mostly toys and collections, yeah. There's been a lot of exciting stuff to talk about on that front lately.

There is a lot of other news discussed here, like new cartoons, comics or films. People also talk about stuff that already exists, especially IDW's comics, which are universally loved. There's even a lot of art posted here.

If it's at You've got a really low bar for what you count as circlejerking. Both of those posts were just jokes. The second one was actually right. Did you see how many Apex fans were whipping themselves into a frenzy trying to figure out who Ash was? That's not an "Apex bad" circlejerk, it's just an observation.

Paper Cut2U Gaming and Iniquity are both acti&gt;I never called myself brave

Never said you did.

&gt;stop being too cocky about yourself.

I'm not.

&gt;You are talking down to me like I am a toddler

Again, I'm not, but I can if you want.

&gt;if you look hard enough you will see shit ton of bitching about things in this sub first two things being apex and spitfire.

Nobody complains aboutThat's the most blatant, brain-dead hypocritical thing I've heard all week. I mean, people always say that homophobes are closeted homosexuals, but I never knew the same was true for racists. You learn something new every day.

On a more serious note, you're clearly projecting, and probably having some disassociation from reality. I'm genuinely advNo, I don't.

Before you start whining, no, it's not circular reasoning. I only pointed to my comment because it's easier to understand than going to several prior comments. You can read them individually if you like. I simply compiled all quotes relevant to my point in a single comment. I'm not using my comment as evidence, I'm using your quotes a&gt;I didn't realize peacefully protesting was the equivalent of looting.

Nobody ever said that. Everyone else in this thread can make the distinction. Why can you not read?

&gt;Tell me more about how you're not racist.

Tell me more about how you know for certain that I am racist. And tell me how not liking violent criminals makes you a bootlick&gt;Uh, George Floyd is the whole reason for the protests.

Yes? We're not talking about the protests. We're talking specifically about the people who are looting, and the reason why not liking them makes you a bootlicker. Why don't you just tell us all what that reason is? Why does not liking violent criminals make you a bootlicker?

&gt;But you k&gt;It's not a binary issue.

So why did you give a binary answer both times? It couldn't be that you're lying again, could it?

&gt;You just think it is because you want to find a factual basis for your racism

No, I'm not racist in the slightest. I just recognise statistics. I'm not putting my own spin on them or inferring some huge concept. I'm Again, irrelevant. Nobody is talking about George Floyd. We're talking about violent criminals who are taling advantage of the current social climate to loot. How does not liking these people make you a bootlicker?

By the way, George Floyd did a lot of bad shit, and far worse than that. He didn't deserve to die, especially like that, but he was a An anti-meme is an anti-joke in meme format. It's deliberately not funny in a humourous way. The punchlines are always obvious and uninventive for comedic effect.

A BHJ is a meme which completely reimagines the format for comedic effect. It gives the format a new meaning, often completely nonsensical. It's funny just because it's stupid.

There is&gt;Yeah and most of that shit got nerfed

Hmm... it's almost as if that's our entire fucking point...

&gt;if you don't like the meta don't play a game that you know doesn't get updates anymore. And if u decide to still play the game don't complain about it

If you don't like people being good at the game don't play it. And if you decide to play i&gt;Funny how you all only complain when anti-Conservative bs gets posted.

Yeah, I liked the part where OP said he only takes issue with anti-conservative posts and that he's fine shitting on leftists, because that definitely happened.

&gt;How about we ban all political posts?

That's exactly what he explicitly stated in the post.

&gt;This shoul&gt;Still can't tell what subjective viewpoints are, I see.

It's not really subjective. Bay's Megatron is a bad character design. It doesn't have any interesting aspects to it. You can like it, that's fine, but it's not a good design.

&gt;That's why you're a dweeb,

Still can't tell what 'dweeb' means, I see.

&gt;you (and the person you replied Yeah, I always think the music is the best part, but then I remember every other part. God, that film makes me feel dirty.

Megatron and Soundwave are a great duo. It's like there's genuine respect between them. They've been through shit together, and nobody else can come between them. The only one Soundwave cares about is Megatron, and the only on&gt;What blatant lie? What evidence? What things am I claiming that are not true? You're doing an awful lot of talk without a lot of backing up. You gotta at least try and reason why I'm wrong to change my mind, buddy, instead of just saying I'm wrong because you feel like I'm wrong 🤷‍♂️

You're saying there are huge similarities between the 2 desiHow do you expect me to argue against a blatant lie when the evidence is right in front of us? What more do you want me to say? The things you're claiming are simply not true.

&gt;Jesus, why so aggressive? You certainly aren't helping the stereotype that G1 fans are rabid, toxic man babies.

Did you not even read my comment, or did you just not un&gt;Because this is just the G1 design except "modernized" and slightly more complex.

No, it's not. At all.

Even if it was, that wouldn't mean it's generic.

&gt;Bay actually tried something new that didn't really look like any Megatron that came before it.

That doesn't mean it wasn't generic. Name an interesting aspect of his design.

&gt;Okay How the hell is this generic, but his original Bayverse design wasn't? This design has loads of major design cues, while Bay's is just a grey thing. There's nothing memorable about it.

This looks nothing like his G1 design at all. There are literally no similarities, except for the colour and the fact that he has a cannon on his arm. Big deal.

Th&gt;Child hentai is an extreme problem because people try to justify it by saying "it's not real so it's not a problem if the characters a child."

But it isn't real. It's a drawing. It's not harming anyone. Would you rather paedophiles fulfill their desires in real life?

&gt;It places extremely unrealistic standards on women beauty and objectifieYou can't compare 3P and KO.

3P fills a gap in the market. They create their own product from scratch, putting their own spin on preexisting characters. They don't detract from the profits of other companies.

KO is a blatant rip-off of another company's product. They do detract from the profits of others by stealing their product and selling it o&gt;Nothing that a police officer does couldn't be done better by someone without a gun and with proper training. Or better done with someone who actually understands the seriousness of weapons and violence and is trained to react and act in a controlled way.

So you don't actually hate cops, you just hate the fact that they're poorly trained? If t&gt;If after day one they didn't see what happened and resign right there they actively contributing to the organized murder and brutalization of the American people and they can all burn in hell.

That's pretty extreme, but okay.

&gt;All I can say is that of you think the cops represent anything positive RN you are not paying attention, purposefu&gt;Not only is this not even nsfw

Oh, so this piece would be acceptable in every workplace on the planet? I'm glad we have you here to give us this insight. Thank you so much.

&gt;but it isnt perverted in the slightest

Go through her history. She's just another artist making easy profit off sad horny men.

The subreddit is about a video game. T&gt;I don’t know what you expect coming into a communist sub and calling the ideology toxic

I never called your ideology toxic.

&gt;and exhibiting those levels of intelligence

You said something stupid, and I explained why it was stupid.

&gt;like the person clearly fucking says toxic people gave toxic ideologies, to which I offer a rebuttal In You've never played it before then? You must either be naturally great at the game, or just be going up against idiots. Placing at the top doesn't necessarily mean you're good.

Most people need to play the campaign first. It teaches them the basics in a controlled environment so that they can actually have meaningful practise, and they won't rage &gt;But that's an opinion, that you want to censor.

I don't want to censor it because I disagree, I want to censor it because it promotes hatred and violence. You can say whatever you want as long as it doesn't actually hurt people.

&gt;god forbid you feel offended on behalf of the government funded group actively assisting the American people

WWhat exactly do you think their badge represents? If you say "the murder of black people" or some shit, just think about the number of such cases compared to the number of police officers. It's negligible.

&gt;If they won't do that they deserve no respect. Fuck every single officer, spineless cowards every one

That's some nice bigotry you got thePretty much. They've become more cartoon-accurate as time has gone on, often sacrificing objective quality.

Back when they started, the line aimed for essentially "what they were supposed to look like". Think back to when you watched the show as a kid. The earlier figures in the line are as you imagined the characters to look in your head. The lat&gt;You just want your mentality to matter above anyone else’s

Nope.

&gt;I’m not opposed to “balancing” a game if there’s a need for it

So why were you complaining about the Phase Shift nerf? It was needed.

&gt;SF, it’s not OP

It objectively is. It has crazy aim assist and accuracy, a huge magazine, and a stupid TTK at any range. It's used by 