&gt;I just wanted a goddamn summer. A fucking summer and failed governor's stole it away because politics.

Yes, that famous summer activity, indoor anime conventions...

I just went swimming at a lake then played mini golf with social distancing and precautions. What's the difference between that and people rubbing shoulders in a crowded conventio"Cancel culture" is just the free market getting rid of things conservatives like. They didn't call it cancel culture when they boycotted the Dixie Chicks, or SNL.

What's the solution? Force Quaker Oats to keep Aunt Jemima? Force Nascar to keep confederate flags?

When people talk about cancel culture, I like to see specifics. Put their money wherRoland Burris didn't have his credentials accepted until January 12th 2009, and Al Franken wasn't seated until June 30th 2009. You're halfway into 2009 before there are 60 Democrats, if you're including Arlen Specter, who switched to Democrat in April of 2009.

What about the days when Robert Byrd and Ted Kennedy were sick/dying? Of course that's aConspiracy theories are all well and good, until they start affecting the real world. Did you know that the Clinton Foundation was one of the biggest providers of hiv medicine to Africa at one point? They had supply chains for testing, education programs, etc.

Did you know that Clinton had reforming the WHO in her 2016 platform? Good thing the GOP&gt;As new cases continue to surge across the country, Birx said in an interview with Fox News on Wednesday the Trump administration is now asking states with fewer cases to boost "pool" testing, when multiple samples are tested in one batch.

What a shitty solution. I guess the idea of the federal government stepping in to help is out of the quest&gt;That said, hospital leadership has also suppressed staff from reporting what’s happening at more than one location. Had they instead boldly announced a need for help the current situation may have been much different.

According to whom? It's only Trump who wants the hospitals to stop sending data to the CDC. The hospitals have been publishing &gt;U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas), a member of the House Budget Committee, was more skeptical. “There is no substance at this point,” she said Monday, adding that she was waiting to see the contents of Trump’s executive order, and what Congress does during the budget process.

I have to agree with Jackson.

url

It seems like the only thinHe has 1 rape allegation against him, which nobody, even Tara Reade's former attorney, are taking seriously anymore. There are 7 other women who claim he violated their personal space or made them feel uncomfortable.

The main complaint is that he commented on the physical appearance of various women. He should be more sensitive about his words, buEdit2: Putting Abynissia in your pvp team, then having guildmates click on your profile doesn't count. I think people need to come across your profile naturally in the pvp fights.

edit:

Do the vault keys from events let you kill three treasure gnomes quickly? I'm thinking just having them in your pvp team doesn't count, since they're just regular&gt;that means that that random object you put in front of your face is effective at limiting the transmission of covid! How can this even be halfway believable?

That's exactly how it works. It's spread by respiratory droplets. When people talk, they're spitting all over each other. It's just small enough that we don't see it. When somebody blows Sanders didn't have decades of the GOP hounding him, Clinton did. Even Trump was praising Sanders during the 2016 primaries. Clinton was getting it from both sides, while Sanders had yet to be attacked by the GOP.

Sanders also had the privilege of running his political career in one of the most liberal states in the nation, while Clinton had a nat&gt;not by denying the rigging, but by asserting that the rigging was legal

Bullshit. They defended themselves by saying the plaintiff had no standing. Not only did the DNC not admit anything was rigged, the plaintiff declined to provide a single example. It was dismissed before it even went to trial.

The attorney, Jared Beck, did have a book comSanders benefited from a functioning DNC. He would have lost by much more without that voter data.

Also, Sanders did much better in closed primaries and caucuses. Clinton did better in direct voting.

What delegates unfairly went to Clinton? Back in 2008, Bill Clinton even gave his super delegate vote to Obama. Clinton had nothing extra from the Durl

A recent one from last year.

&gt;The bill was dubbed the "For The People Act" by House Democrats who want election accessibility and weeding out corruption to be core tenets of their majority agenda the next two years. The bill passed along straight party lines, 234-193.

Democrats pass it in the House straight down party lines, Republicans b&gt;None of us think Biden is capable of the large scale change this country is desperately in need of

I don't get this. What change are you expecting? As Biden polls better, his platform gets more and more progressive. He's basically looking to change what he can, and not over-promise. Biden is now running on the most progressive platform in hist&gt;"While we did a great job early on in Ohio, we're now headed in the wrong direction, and frankly, I'm very, very concerned about that," he said. "So we're going to move ahead with more orders from us this week."

Alright people, here's what we'll do. We're going to open this barn door. If the horse runs out, we'll have to shut the barn door as I disagree, there are plenty of ways to get mythics. I save glory for mythic weeks, and have way more than 18k to spend. I save all my glory/gem keys, and all my guild seals. I also get a ton of glory from the daily delves.

Some people play more, others play less. It seems like the right amount of difficulty to get mythics right now. Making it any&gt;The board voted 4-1 to approve a set of guidelines, including regular temperature checks, frequent hand washing and thorough cleanings of classrooms, offices and buses.
&gt;
&gt;The board did not, however, require the use of masks or social distancing. In fact, it advised against the measures.

Temperature checks are nearly worthless, while masIf you're holding out for a perfect candidate, they don't exist. It's impossible to cater to the political beliefs of every single voter. Right now we have to focus on the broad strokes though.

Should Russia be rewarded for putting bounties on US troops? Is COVID-19 a potentially lethal virus, or a hoax perpetrated by the deep state? These are theTara Reade seems to have trouble finding an attorney that wants to hitch their wagon to her claims. Once you remove that, the rest is fairly benign. He hugged for a beat too long? He kissed someone on the back of the head? Hand on shoulder? Telling a girl she's pretty?

Sounds like he came from a different era, not that he's a rapist. Donald Trump You can easily enforce mask mandates, but too many governors aren't willing to do so. It's one of the most cost effective solutions right now.

Also, the economy is in trouble no matter what. Telling restaurants they can reopen is not going to make most people go back to normal behavior. The difference between 0% business and 20% business for a resTo be fair, he's a massively shitty president. He's also a garbage human being. His presidential run started with him talking about Obama's birth certificate. His highlights were talking about grabbing women by the pussy, having unprotected sex with an adult film actress, giving ridiculous concessions to Vladimir Putin, and bungling the pandemic reVaccines can (and do) provide more/longer lasting antibodies than the body provides naturally. There are also booster shots.

Not wearing a mask is not going to help children in Africa. If you think that people will act exactly as they did before, you're wrong. Economies are going to do poorly no matter what.

Also, schools have maybe a month at beYes, vaccines are artificial herd immunity. The UK tried for natural herd immunity at first, then realized that the death toll would be way too high. Technically we can achieve it without a vaccine, but we have to sacrifice a massive number of people. We're still not entirely sure how long the antibodies last as well, so reinfection may be a possib&gt;But in 2002, the former president took a trip on Mr. Epstein’s private jet, which brought a flurry of media attention.
&gt;
&gt;At the time, Mr. Clinton had been out of the White House for two years and had started the nonprofit group, the Clinton Foundation. Through his work with the foundation, Mr. Clinton connected with Mr. Epstein.
&gt;
&gt&gt;Five of the requests had been altered so the voters' ballot choice was switched from Democrat to Republican. But the clerk knew some of the voters were not Republicans, and when she called them they told her they had used blue pens to request Democratic ballots before dropping off the requests at the post office.

Apparently Dry Fork is a town DWS resigned because of the perception she was close to Clinton. What specifically do you think she did that was improper?

Also, the DNC challenged the standing of the suit before it ever got to trial, no wrongdoing was admitted. Not only that, but the plaintiff didn't even have any specific claims, just a book he was trying to sell.

Try coming uIt sounds like they're only talking about home owners, and not commercial real estate (mutlifamily). I work in property management. We manage about 7k apartments, and have properties anywhere between 200-500 apartments. Those mortgage payments are easily $100k+ a month, per property. We're considered a small company.

You're talking about billions Where? If you have a lease, you can't just raise rent in the middle of it. Many municipalities also have laws regarding how much you can raise rent by.

On top of that, the market prices wouldn't help. People can't pay rent *now*. Once rent becomes more than 40% of people's income, it's basically unpayable in most markets. You're not going to raiseCanceling rent would fuck up the entire real estate market. Sending people checks is a good way to spread the burden over multiple years and multiple people. Canceling rent puts the entirety of the burden on property owners, then the mortgage holders. It's a shit cascade waiting to happen.

Just so people understand, most multifamily properties of Former NYC landlord here, you're NTA. I also sleep with my shirt off, it's too hot. Do you know what's wrong with the radiator? I replaced all the air vents in my buildings to save money. The landlord is wasting money, and it's a $10 part that you can unscrew by hand.

url

If it's the valve, that's a bigger job, but one that landlord should undert&gt;Both sides see each other as traitors to America

Poor choice of words. Trump lobbied on behalf of Russia to bring them back to the G7, after intel that they were putting bounties on US troops in Afghanistan. Trump and the Republicans have repeatedly sided with Russia over our own intelligence agencies.

Have the Democrats done anything even reThe factories are already over there... It's going to be a long time before any manufacturing gets built in the US, and it certainly won't come with jobs. It's going to be all automated, like what Carrier did with the money Trump gave them.

He's consistently killed good deals set up by previous administrations in favor of shitty deals. He is bad a&gt;Consumers will ultimately pay the price for inefficient production and increased component flow. U.S. research agency Center for Automotive Research estimates that 13% to 24% of all cars sold in the U.S. will be subject to tariffs. If automakers pass these costs on, prices will rise by $470 to $2,200.

Good job, Trump! We don't get more jobs in&gt;lmao yet all of these bathrooms have to be changed... why do we have to accommodate such a small amount of people?

These people were so close to getting it right. Trans people are such a tiny fraction of the population, yet it's somehow a liberal distraction to focus on them using bathrooms, despite it being a campaign issue for multiple RepubGA professional landlord here, not a lawyer, but I'm very knowledgeable. This is probably a miscommunication. The security deposit can't be non refundable, but they can add a ton of nonrefundable fees. Ask them to clarify, they'll probably give you a list of fees.

My company charges around $350 nonrefundable, with another $350 in security deposit.&gt;Trump will be the fall guy because everything is politicized these days

The issue is only politicized because Trump is worried about looking silly with a mask on. Specifically, he's worried about his spray tan rubbing off on it. That's not hyperbole. We have the reports about his shirt collars being a mess, and it would definitely be visible o&gt;she was actually a trash human being

Fun fact, the Clinton Foundation was one of the largest providers of HIV medication to the continent of Africa at one point. Meanwhile, all of the GOP smears against her turned out to be unfounded. Eight Benghazi hearings, and the only thing to come of it was Trey Gowdy using taxpayer dollars to settle a la&gt;Barbosa told WFAA that his father is in need of blood plasma from recovered COVID-19 patients, who have established antibodies. 

&gt;However, Barbosa said that doctors have informed him that there's not a lot of it right now. 

The Trump administration should be addressing this issue via information campaigns, etc. Obviously it's not going to,&gt;The only physical evidence of abuse in the case was presented by Dr. Michael Mouw, an emergency room physician at Brackenridge Hospital who examined the 3-year-old girl in 1991 on the night she first accused Dan Keller of abuse. Mouw testified at the Kellers' trial that he found two tears in the girl's hymen consistent with sexual abuse and det&gt;If you wear a mask wrong, you really aren't protecting others.

Actual, surface transmission is looking like the least likely way to get COVID-19. The evidence is showing that straight up spit droplets traveling from people's mouths is how it's spreading the most. Outdoors is safer than indoors, and masks prevent a fair amount of fluid from leaPressure from China. It was working pretty well under Obama to get North Korea to agree to a bunch of stuff. Like I said, they literally blew up the liaison office five days ago.

url

Meanwhile, their nuclear testing facility in Punggye-ri was accidentally destroyed in 2018. North Korea claimed it as intentional as a way to reduce tension. Instead&gt;How come people condemn trump for cancelling the iran nuclear deal

We had already unfrozen Iran's assets. Also, the nuclear deal *prevented* Iran from weaponizing nuclear material. Now they can weaponize it, and we have no agreement to stop them. He cancelled the deal because it was a big win for Obama, that's all.

&gt;extend a hand out to no&gt;Don't go to the Verplanck quarry

I had to look this up. Verplanck is technically a hamlet in the town of Cortland. I've lived in Westchester County for almost 40 years and never heard of it.

url

Also, in regards to the quarry:

url

It's owned by Con Edison, and is just downriver from the Indian Point nuclear facility. Don't swim iThat would be fantastic, except he specifically asked Xi to buy our soybeans. China now buys their soybeans from Brazil, in response to Trump's trade tariffs. China has told us this, quite emphatically. He's asking Xi to reverse course merely to help his reelection chances, and he doesn't understand why it's not working.

Meanwhile, everybody said &gt;Pence went on to tout the Black unemployment rate pre-pandemic and the development of economic "opportunity zones," adding that the administration is "absolutely determined to improve" the lives of African Americans. 

Real estate professional here. Those "opportunity zone" programs are complete bullshit. You can avoid some cap gains taxes, but&gt;“He then, stunningly, turned the conversation to the coming U.S. presidential election, alluding to China’s economic capability to affect the ongoing campaigns, pleading with Xi to ensure he’d win,” Bolton writes. “He stressed the importance of farmers, and increased Chinese purchases of soybeans and wheat in the electoral outcome.

China stoppI used to go to school in DC, and there was a statue of Artemis Ward we'd pass on the university shuttle.

url

They told us who he was during freshman orientation, but I wasn't paying attention. I used to tell people he was called the "grandfather of biological warfare," as he came up with the idea of giving smallpox blankets to Native Americans. For those unaware, CDO stands for "collaterallized debt obligation" and is a fancy term for a share in a mortgage bundle. The 2008 financial crisis was kicked off because banks were selling CDO's. The mortgage bundles were full of mortgages that people weren't going to pay off, but the ratings agencies hired by the banks were saying the mortgage bu&gt;He also promised that the Affordable Care Act would enable all Americans to keep the doctors and insurance plans that they liked. It did not work out that way.

It was something like 2% of people couldn't keep their doctors. Kudos to the author for recognizing that Obama would be better than Trump, but the article is still full of disingenuous This is one of the best parts of a guild. Every week there are guild "tasks" (they're the same every week). With guild seals, the only thing that's improving is the rarity of the guild chests. You keep your own guild seals.

With gold, your guild spends it to complete the tasks, which gives rewards. You pool together 5k gold, and get 5 glory keys *Seals are guild seals. You can collect them from the guild tab, once you join a guild. You accumulate seals by doing the regular activities. It's a few for a fight, a few extra for a pvp fight, etc, etc. It will show you a list on the guild page, seals tab. You can collect max 2k seals/week.

You can then spend the guild seals on guild chests, for Less than 1% of the US has been confirmed to have COVID-19. Nobody wants to remain locked down forever, the problem is that we need a comprehensive testing plan with contact tracing, run by the federal government. On top of that, common sense stuff, like face coverings inside grocery stores should be at least advised by the Trump administration.

IThe science clearly shows that wearing a mask protects *other* people from *the mask wearer's* droplets. Where do you live that the medical professionals are saying that you shouldn't bother with a mask? The US government first tried to discourage people from hoarding medical grade masks, but the CDC is definitely telling people to wear face coveriThe science is clearly showing that wearing a mask protects other people from you, not you from other people. This is in a part of the country hit pretty hard by COVID-19, where it's not just some abstract notion.

Also, it's the law in NY. People who are not willing to wear a mask are perfectly free to not enter the store, and the store is free toI just watched the third one, and saw the first one some years ago. I didn't realize it was all part of the same franchise, and I kept thinking it all sounded so familiar.

url(film_series)

Butler is signed on for three more movies... Even Liam Neeson stopped after the third Taken movie. Only so many times people can get kidnapped before you start&gt;Didn't Hillary call Tulsi and Jill Stien Russian assets?

Tulsi Gabbard is really popular... among Republicans. The Russians were absolutely blasting Facebook with propaganda, claiming that Gabbard was somehow getting screwed by the DNC.

Also, Jill Stein is definitely an asset to Russia, if not a Russian asset. Here's the infamous picture of hI just found this sub. This is pretty much what I've been doing for the past couple months. I live in NY, and the supermarkets were pretty hit/miss for a while, but I stocked up on onions. Every morning it's some onions in a pan. A cut up piece of bacon, a cut up potato, a couple of eggs, or whatever I happened to have on hand. No pasta sauce, so iWe're at 80k deaths, with less than 1% of the population infected. With all our general knowledge, we still don't know exactly what COVID-19 does. We're learning more every day, but it's not looking great, as the blood clotting seems to cause lasting damage in survivors. Whether we've gotten better at treating secondary bacterial infections or not,Go to fight a battle, then hit "edit teams." It should let you choose a class. You can also go to the "troops" button and set up teams on the left side. Don't forget to spend souls on raising the troop level. There are two types of levels for classes, one you spend souls on (up to level 20) and one you get xp for (level 100). The xp one unlocks tra