All of Maine is pretty nice. Don't bring any plague up here. All the coast from Blue hill north is pretty spectacular. Especially if you're into isolation, go north of Mount Desert Island. Baxter state park is a special place. Wild and natural. Rangely area is gorgeous with big mountains, lakes, rivers, fly fishing and all around beauty. Check out Holy shit. So much better for me anyway. I got divorced. My rebound was kinky as fuck and opened my mind to many things, as well as making me feel like a fuck god ( I had never had any self confidence and my ex made it worse). Then I met my current fiance and have been able to open up completely to sex with few boundaries and no shame. Nothing is hI mean every other knife I sold yesterday was no complaints but you figure I just tried to screw everyone over for that extra 20 bucks? Fuck I'll give the knife away today. I've been selling and raffling knives with the same picture style for years and it was an issue so integral to the process but again no one could speak up? I'm hearing the seconWhy not then immediately say something. I have ho idea how it got a rolled edge I never carried it. Fuck I dont spend all my time looking over each knife with a fucking magnifying url a 100 dollar knife. I guess maybe I'm just less anal than most and I speak my mind when I see any issue and dont wait months to say something that could be addressed He might feel uncomfortable or concerned you will react negatively based on past experience. My wife and I have a similar dynamic where we mostly enjoy seeing one another flirt and stuff with a new partner but we still have to work through mild discomfort when sharing because we still had that fear that we will be judged or rejected because of it. Uhh. Thats a lot of questions. Back in the nineties I took a lot of acid and any other psychedelic I could get. I tripped hard and often for a period of about 4 or 5 years. Sometimes multiple times a week. Sometimes weekly, sometimes a couple times a month. Then I took 20 years off Lsd and only tripped maybe 30 or 40 times over those years on mollyIt's been quite a few years but I'll try to describe a few. Once on a lot of LSD like 25 years ago, I completely lost everything. I was laying in the woods camping with my buddies by a fire tripping balls. Had to lay down cause it was way too intense. Closed my eyes and lost my body the earth my concept of self. I was pure thought and light. ThoughAt the end of the growing season you can then harvest the entire plants roots and all. Chop up finely and put in water. Simmer for 24 hours. This extracts the opium from the entire plant. After 24 hours you strain through a cheese cloth and then slowly boil off the water over the course of a week. Once it gets to a paste just let it dry at room temShirogorov Hati R silver twill carbon fiber m390 74@ $10

Total Price: $740

Make and Model: Shirogorov Hati R silver twill carbon fiber

Optional Price Justification/Comparisons:

Timestamp/pics: url

Escrow: nope

Description: PLEASE BE THOROUGH. EXPLICITLY STATE ALL ISSUES : Shirogorov Hati R in silver twill carbon fiber. Grade B as I'm not the I lived without running water or electricity for 10 years. I can farm. I can raise animals. I know how to build shelter and fire from shit in the woods. I have a ton of knives and machetes. I can shoot a bow. I know the basics of flintknapping. I can cook and see and spin wool and weave. I know how to survive in the winter outdoors. I was homeless Haha. A friend made me a pint of cannabis ice cream years ago before testing and thc levels were a thing. A tablespoon of this stuff was super strong. Like get you tripping strong. So I ate some and that was all the sweets I had in the house. Munchies kicked in and I ate the whole pint. I did nothing but sleep and wake up high as fuck and eat for 3I'll disagree here and say that walking a person fully clothed or even partially clothed but dressed legally covering the right parts, being walked on a leash isnt any more sexual than a woman wearing yoga pants or a dude in short shorts. The viewer can sexualize it all hey want bit they aren't being forced to participate in a sexual activity. I thHoly fuck. We had a child together. Split up. He is handicapped. She decided I and half the town including teachers and staff were taking him out of school to molest him. She took him out of school and stopped letting me see him for 2 years. I finally took it to court which is fucking terrifying when you are accused of raping a child. End result isWas tripping on acid. Went to blockbuster for a movie. Needed to seek a bag of weed next door at taco bell to payn
for the movie, but I forgot. Time to pay fornthe movie comes and I fish around in my pocket for a bit and pullout a quarter of bud to everyone's surprise. I look at it, they look at it. We look at each other and I mumble about being riR/short. Sheesh all your problems aren't due to your stature. You may just be a shitty whiny human. I was shorter than most of the other members and still managed to enjoy life somehow. I couldnt stand to see a bunch of bitter dudes whining about how every rejection was due to their height. Boy didntheybget mad if you suggested some perceived slighI was hiking the mile from my work to my lean to in the mountains in colorada after work one night. I was poor (hence living under a tarp lean to) and didnt have a flashlight. It was a new moon and super dark so I was basically feeling my way through the rocky areas with my feet when I hear a rather loud snort/grunt sound from about 10 feet away. IWe do. We don't care. We have heard enough bullshit from you constantly for ever, we don't want to hear more. Most often when my kid talks back it makes zero sense or is just him explaining he was "just doing... " which is exactly what I told him not to do. Why listen to that over and over. I'm insanely busy nonstop til I pass out at night taking cI saw a sick stage dive punch once at a hardcore show. Some punk fully supermanned out (in strobe with the toxic field mice raging in the background) with his fist forward. He landed it too. Then the entire crowd beat the drunk dude he punched. It was a straight edge show. I was tripping my Brains out and had sold a sheet of acid there. It was a weYes I've gotten sick. Mmm about a year and a half ago 20 mg would get me too high. I had to decrease my intake for a few years as it began to me me super anxious. About a year ago the anxiety went away and with n unlimited supply of God quality shatter and sauce available I quickly skyrocketed my tolerance. A few weekends going hard on the 50mg tabSo many. Try to make it awesome for when she comes home. Take care fo the kids so she can have a break. Do something special when work sucked. Bring her treats and snacks and drinks. See a chore she has waiting to be done and do it so she doesnt have to. Find as many ways to ease and alleviate stress as possible. Shoulder rubs. Caress her hair. Do Ehh I wanted this dope knife with skulls on it for my stepdaughter. Shes a badass 12 year old that digs skulls and knives. So I bought like half the spots all I could afford. Upon hearing what I wanted the knife for, everyone bought the rest of the spots for me. Sheesh. Made this old fella tear up a bit. Shes an awesome kid and on hi or roll so sheMmm... rules tend to point out areas where we are needlessly jealous. If you are worried about how you would feel were he to kiss someone else, you may need to work out the root of those feelings before moving forward. It seems you still maintain some insecurity, which can make opening up a relationship difficult. That being said, it's also importaI feel ya. But you risk becoming what you hate by calling yourself religion.  Religion is to be avoided at all costs. It feels in ocent now. You just want to do good. But then in 200 years douchecunts are killing each other over the gospel of sko56. Calling yourself a religion gives you easy government exemptions and shit. Don't take the easy way. Naw it affects the people that would act out of passion. Or temporary insanity or just because they are wasted. Which is basically what our prison s are full of. People that made a stupid fucking decision.  Not career criminals out to break laws no matter what. This argument is silly. I'm jot for taking knives from people but I'm also not for stupiIt was 1997 and I was hitch hiking from Colorado to Vermont. I got a ride all the way across Kansas with some gutter punks in a car someone gave to them. All over the car was written in spray paint and permanent marker "too many puppies" " insert puppy here" "kill all puppies," I think in reference to the primus song "too many puppies" which is a dAs a dom with depression I can relate. Sometimes I have to force myself to get up and face the day, and sometimes I have to force myself to be in the mood url or have sex. The meds dont help. However, I have learned thay once I get started I get right into I and it's all good. Its the starting that seems hardest. Oh and the anxious second guessing Put it in a plastic bag in the freezer for at least four hours. Remove. Place on table. Hash should appear. Of this doesnt work, get url or your moms pantyhose. Stretch it tight over something (a simple wood frameworks fine. Place over glass. Put trim on screen or pantyhose and push around gently with the queen of hearts. Kief will fall on the glaI had what may have been a similar experience. Long term smoker with mega tolerance and due to a significant change in life circumstances I basically stopped smoking. After my tolerance got super low, a puff or two would jot get me high, just make me feel super unpleasant. This went on for a few years where I didn't smoke often. Then about six montI actually wanted to kill myself a year ago. Badly. I would have missed out on... 4 months of threesomes that were fucking amazing. Meeting a woman beyond my wildest dreams and falling head over heels in love with her and gaining wonderful stepchildren taboot. Honestly it feels like a new amazing, joyous life has begun where for years I had seen noOnce again... even when it was illegal here you didnt get arrested. Now it is legal. The knives however are not. Not really concerned as that isnt an arrest able offense either and I am skilled at skirting these laws as I have done it since I was 12. Alcohol is illegal some places do you make similar rants on the beer and knives posts? Honestly youCannabis is fat soluble. Cook it into milk or creamer just like you would butter. Then freeze it into ice cubes and break out one or two at a time so it doesnt go bad. If you arent into dairy you can use soy milk as well. I've cooked trim into soy milk and made it strong enough so that a spoonful had my high tolerance friends puking from being too My friends mom was hot. Big tits , nice ass, good body for a mom. She was 41 and I was 23. It was his jack and Jill party and it turned out his parents knew how to party. We got hammered and went back to their house for the hot tub. Everyone's leaving to pass out and she tells me to stay right there. She goes and gets a bottle and starts feeding meOne night i was smoking a lot of herb and drinking a lot of beer. We went out for a massive burrito dinner and I polished it off easily. Went back to the hotel for non stop smoking and ordered a large pizza. I housed it. An hour or so later I'm hungry again so I order another arge pizza. The delivery guy laughed at me. I housed the entire second piFor years when I made bubble hash I woukd use the leftovers to make stupid strong butter. With about 2 pounds of trim I would throw it in a three gallon pot full of enough eather to submerge the entire mass. I would add 2 pounds of butter and simmer lightly for about an hour. Then strain the herb from the water butter mix with a cheese cloth and coLets see. Running a passive closed loop with distilled n butane. Using icewater for cooling the tank pre run and for recovery. Material used is mainly all the smaller buds thumb size and smaller, and sugar leaves (approximately 80 percent bud 20 percent trim). I was purging for 4 days at 103 and getting decent shatter, and it was suggested by a friWhile I understand the sentiment that's a very cumbersome thing for a parent to have to track constantly or face punishment or potential loss of essential cash. As a full time parent I can't imagine having to do that on top of everything else. Perhaps there would be a way to implement this in cases where necessary but as a blanket rule this seems wPut it in a container that can be sealed.  Tupperware, ziploc, jar, whatever works. Take a small piece of paper towel. Say 3x3". Fold it up a few times and soak it with water. Wring out excess water and place in container with the herb. Seal container and leave overnight. One night and usually your bud will be remoistened. Sometimes you need to letI ski and teleski as well as snowboarding. Snowboarding is by far the most fun way to slide down snow, but ski's and teleskis both have their place. I skied for 15 years and then rode for 20. Now I do it all. Oh yeah I also learned the teleboard years ago. That shit was weird but kinda ripped. It's all sliding downhill on snow which is fun pretty mOh it was a out a year ago and I was driving into town in my rural area when some guy started riding my ass. Close. Like 5 feet off my bumper. We were behind a few cars it wasn't like I could go any faster and we were traveling slightly over the speed limit, so there was really no need to ride so close. I tapped my breaks just enough to make the brIt's actually very smooth once it gets going. I'm not sure of the term for it but there is some resistance to get it opening as there is with most knives. This initial resistance is quite firm. I have trouble and it's not because of any weakness in my hands. I blow glass for a living and my hands tend to be a bit stronger than the average. Once I gThis will vet buried I'm sure but my high school bus ride was crazy. This was in the early nineties. My bus driver looked and sounded almost EXACTLY like Otto from the simpsons. Including the shades, long dirt rock hair,  and the stripper girlfriend. He would tell us how hungover he was. He would blast motley crue on his boombox. Our bus was short While I don't recommend it, 2 weeks is minor and can be a good life lesson. He is a minor so hopefully it won't haunt him for his while life. Regardless of if he belongs there it will be something g he remembers for a long time hopefully in the context of "I never want to go back." He will also have the opportunity to meet a lot of people that madeStop waiting for him. I got better cause my fast friend would rush to spots in the woods to smoke jazz cabbage. I missed out a few times and so I learned to keep up. Snooze or lose. It helped that the best weed spot on sugarloaf was a log cabin at the bottom of a steep ass chute by a cliff band. Once I learned to straight line that everything else Because there are kids (I know one personally that was having 10 or 20 seizures a day) that need access to medical cannabis. Recreational is only for 21 plus. Lepage wants to do away with the medical laws when he signs the bill to legalize. Therefore giving it to anyone under 21 would be criminal, which has could potentially lead to kids being takeWell you can throw the wet leftovers in a big pot of water. Add a pound or two of butter. Immersed for a few hoirs. Strain material. Put water butter mix in fridge or outside in the cold. Butter floats to top and solidifies. Remove butter and you have potent butter. This is easier as you don't have to dry the trim and gives you a potent product as In a sauna naked with some hotties when one I just met tries to show me her tattoo. It was dark so I couldn't see it and she basically shoves her hot bald cooter in my face while I try to see it. She then proceeds to fondle my many tattoo's  while she examines them. After we got out of the sauna we are smoking a j and our mutual friend asks if she Herb intensifies the effects pf psychedelics. When I used to eat acid I would smoke hard when the LSD was starting to slow down and it would usually send me right back up again. Herb isn't messing you up. It's the effects of the psychedelics. It will pass as you stop taking so much psychedelics. A tip from someone that ate a shit ton of acid in theFor me as my anxiety increased I slowly became mostly unable to handle thc. Like it would bring on panic attacks and shit this was after 25 years or so of smoking herb. So I tired cbd extract in an oil based toncture. It was amazing. Now I can handle some thc but too much and I get a bit panicky.  But if I get too anxious from thc or just from lifeThe tiniest bit of wiggle when opened. About the same as my benchmade has which is hardly at all but I would be lying if I said none. It's a nice knife. I love how hard it fires. I don't find it too hard to open but it definitely won't open accidentally. One negative is that the texture on the handle is very rough which is good for grip but makes iI'm not fat at all and really don't care much about some dudes idea of dieting on shit food. Enjoy eating all the shit food you like. A study with a test subject of one doesn't prove much. Do I care? Nope. I eat good nutritious real food and exercise regularly. I don't need to worry about it. You seem a little wound up... perhaps some nice chamomilOne night I was drinking smoking and eating herb. 
A lot of all of the above. I went out for dinner and ate an entire massive Mexican meal. Then I ordered a large Pizza for delivery and ate the entire thing. Then I ordered another large Pizza and ate that too. To this day I have no idea how that was possible. A massive food baby was born the  next I experienced some very infrequent attempts at bullying when I was younger. Most often it was easily recognizable  as an attempt at someone insecure to find an easy target to make them self feel better. I had a sharp tongue and little fear and never proved to be an easy target. It never amounted to much and it seemed rare and minor as compared to tAnyone that tells you glass is "double blown" (or triple blown or any variation of this) is either full of shit or fully ignorant. This is a made up term that refers to absolutely nothing in glassblowing. As with most products, brand name shit sells for more for basically no good reason. Chinese knockoffs sell for super low prices that reflect theiYeah its funny and sorta pathetic and sad at the same time. Some people here get so angry if anyone says being short is good or anything positive about shortness. I can only imagine it comes from a position of self loathing. They hate being short so much that they even hate anyone else that is short, especially if they are short and happy about it.Because some people have terrible personalities and rather than admit that to themselves they blame their height for all of their failures and woes. While others have good personalities and realize that their decent attitude and outlook on life makes their height irrelevant. Its easier to blame something you have no control over than it is to take Getting an escort for the most part reeks of lack of self respect... ie a self message of "can't get a girl unless I pay." Even of that isnt the case, "sharing" an escort just sounds gross. Especially with a friend. Like really? Yeah lets go buy a women and pass her back and forth all night. I dont mind your dick having been in there moments beforeA landline phone grid may not matter. When i was off the grid it was because phone and electric lines didnt run to where I lived. Therefore I did not have them. Alternatively, perhaps they just dont like how phone lines look. Or didnt want to pay the cost necessary to have phone oines installed when they built the house. That shits expensive and ulLiving off grid means using alternative power sources. These often limit the total amount of electricity you can use in a given day. Therefore you prioritize things like lights and plumbing and dont use electricity for things like oh say a desktop or laptop when you could get internet form an extremely low power use source such as.... an iphone. GeHaving lived off the grid myself allow me to explain. Solar systems produce a limited amount of electricity unless you ahve a ton of money to invest. Therefore if you live with solar or wind as your electricity source you often have to be very conservative with the amount of electricity you use. Desktop computers are pretty much out of the questionUnlike a real crackhead, your friend has a mental dependancy not a physical one. Dabbing 7 to 10 (an ironic choice of numbers) daily isnt that much really. Lots of people do that for a while then grow out of it and chill a little. Honestly it could be worse with heroin, pills, cocaine, or he could be going in the k hole all day. Perhaps your buds r