It's probably just the culture in that area. Especially bc there's no face-to-face interaction with the person delivering or because the order is split among many people, it's unclear how much would be an appropriate amount to tip. I've been told so many different things about tipping delivery people in the past, and the $2-3 was a norm in some plaI don't think they are selfish for missing these things. For some people, going to the gym to work out brings joy, and it may be hard for them to work out the way they used to at home for whatever reason (not able to buy equipment, not enough space, family members competing for attention, maybe the gym was a relief from abusive/stressful situation I push back on this idea, because I've personally been in an accident while going 65 on a fairly empty Southern, due to poor road conditions. I don't feel safe on some of those roads going over 65, but have to because everyone is already going 75. If we raise the speed limit, we have to really fix and change up some parts of the highway. I would evI firmly believe anyone can be a nurse, but not everyone should be a nurse. If you really have "no idea" what you want to do, nursing is not a good path to just try out. It is too costly. If you truly understand what nurses do and want to become a nurse, plan it out so that you are easing back into the school environment. While people with poor graThe person identified as the defector who returned to NK is a real person. In SK, this man has been identified. He was undergoing a trial for sexual assault, and is believed to have snuck back to NK to avoid legal repercussions. This doesn't mean NK hasn't had COVID cases, obviously-- this story suits NK because it reinforces SK as the source of thDefinitely wearing PPE at all times during the work day and even taking precaution eating lunch, staying away from coworkers. Leave shoes in the car &amp; wipe them down when you can. Take off work clothes immediately (change at the hospital if you can) and use the hottest setting for laundry. I also wear a mask around the house, and try to stay inCheck In was never really made to bring in digital stream revenue (released on SoundCloud like the other HHU mixtapes and put on physical album as an exclusive) so it will probably never be on Spotify. Same with the unreleased concert-only or Caratland-only songs, as they were created to be a special gift for concert goers. I weep at the reality thI do five 8's. Once added on a 12 hour shift to that, and it was rough! But some of my friends during COVID worked 10-12 hours almost every single day for a month and a half. It really depends on how much you personally can handle. No such thing as "working too much", and conversely, not everyone needs to "work as many hours as possible" when they You would technically still quarantine, regardless of the negative result for the COVID test. If you haven't gone through an airport, and you really haven't had contact with anyone during your trip to the other state, I agree that the chance you have the virus is low. However, if you somehow became connected to an outbreak, yes, they can hold you lI like my meals to be heavier in protein. It's gives me a more sustained boost of energy during the 12 hour shifts, and you don't have to eat as much to feel full (as you might if your meal is veggies and carbs-focused). That said, you might also want to wait and see what the break room/cafeteria situation is like at her unit/facility before cookinMy area was fairly competitive to begin with when I graduated in December and passed my boards in January. I applied for months hearing nothing back, and then suddenly got into a residency program at the end of April. Some of my classmates are just starting to get hospital jobs in the care area they wanted, nearly 6 months after we've passed the NCLet's think about which immigrants are considered "undesirable" and are being locked up in cages after having been exploited for cheap labor by America... I know a lot of white and Asian "illegal immigrants" who live here for decades. ICE has come through their neighborhoods, and none of them were deported. The "legality" of immigration is just somFor some reason, people are really polarizing the issue, making it seem like either the song is a very obviously malicious or purely innocent. It's not overt, but it does insidiously reinforce false stereotypes. To most Koreans, it would be pretty hard to think of this well-known song as "racist" immediately. But just because intent wasn't there doYes, since herd immunity is not happening quickly, that is exactly what you're supposed to do-- wait for the vaccine. And until successful vaccination campaign is complete, we take precautions, not open the community pool and soccer games while other states are spiking with new cases. NY has the distinction of being a huge travel hub, and unfortunaThis is a ridiculous claim. Tons of workers get treated like shit and they still do what they are supposed to do according to their job description. Ask any ER nurse who has to de-escalate and restrain drugged-out belligerent 200-lb dudes without any weapons. Police choose not to enforce certain things over others based on their own prioritization,There really is no excuse for a DUI in Seoul. That said, I think the member in question felt guilty and responsible. Most times, people (even idols) "take a hiatus to reflect" for DUIs, not quit the team altogether. 

This isn't the only time editors scrambled to crop a troublemaker out of a show, but it was really quite impressive. If you didn't kIt was a meme that started from a long while back. Along with "차에타봐 (Baby)" and "비단길 (Silk Road)", Gang was notorious for having cringe-y, embarrassing, corny, hypermasculine lyrics. But Rain chose How Do You Play as the show to really respond and capitalize on a meme that was making fun of him for being cringe-y. Same with Yoo San Seul, trot was aIt took me a while, but I saved like crazy while I was at my first job and paid off my loans first before saving up enough to pay for my program because I knew I wouldn't be able to get a federal or private student loan. That said, depending on your area, some hospitals might have tuition reimbursement programs. One girl in my program worked as a uI'm surprised this doesn't happen every summer in every neighborhood. Granted, it's been every single day lately and not every weekend nights as it usually is. But I live next to an empty field, and there's always someone setting off fireworks here. Luckily, I can sleep through noise and I don't have a dog in my house, but I feel terribly for some It's honestly a mix. The really "good" districts in the less affordable neighborhoods. And even then, the competitiveness can really be stifling. I've seen kids be transplanted here who would've done well and thrived at their old schools just ignored and marginalized because the schools are hyper-focused on the kids who are doing 12th grade work inUnfortunately, in order to keep itself fed, much of the nursing schools and programs in this country drill this kind of rhetoric into their students from day one. My program was an ABSN, and if I had a dime for every time an instructor parroted the IOM statement that said "BSN prepared nurses lead to better patient outcomes on the floor", I would hI think some people are making assumptions the other way. These can be fruits of a life changed by Christ, but by no means will following the rules equal salvation. If we could just "show Christ-like behavior" and "follow rules and rituals perfectly" to get to heaven, we would not have needed Christ. That seems like a fairly universal Christian belThere's been a strong Asian support for BLM movement because of this issue-- not so much "guilt" but awareness of anti-Blackness in our community and being complicit in not speaking out against that very vocally. But I think this is entirely separate from kpop stan Twitter. These fandoms just have massive international followings, and they are quitI know it's taken too many years, but I'm willing not to shame any conservatives, Republicans, former Republicans, etc. for coming out now to say they're against Trump and his actions. It matters that they make these opinions public so that other people who have been on the fence for a long time feel sure enough to say that Trump is evil and the GOI hope it's from some deep soul-searching after seeing horrific nature of this administration and is quickly followed by a silent separation from Trump. I'm going to be honest, the man makes good music and I am not opposed to Republicans coming out to say Trump is unfit to lead after four years of leaving the rest of us in suffering. Better late thWhile I am entirely skeptical of NCPD's real commitment to making changes in their department to prevent racial discrimination and corruption, I'm glad at least they're trying not to incite more violence. But I've heard them talk about stuff they were doing behind-the-scenes during the Occupy protests, so I will reserve any praise for when the dustYou say these protesters do not represent the community. Honestly, people that live in my community and those who grew up here-- they are VERY well-represented by this group. What they were yelling is fully on brand with the stuff that most members of my community have been posting on Facebook. You want to prove that peace-loving people outnumber tIt's amazing that you say it is shocking, because this has been a fact of life for me for over 20 years. It is just as crude and overt as it is in areas we think of as "redneck woods", but the difference is that people here think they are sophisticated because we live near Manhattan. These vile humans were stupid/brave enough to show up and be filmWhen you bring it up with your manager and your voice is not heard, the approach is to keep record of the discussion, thank them for their time, and move up the chain of command. Unfortunately, even if you come with them with evidence about patient safety and patient ratios, a lot of hospitals only care about the money. That is not your fault. No aBurning down Target doesn't fix racism and police brutality, but it sure did get a lot of people's attention. I shared Breonna Taylor's story when it was reported and not a single person gave a crap. It's been seven years of Black Lives Matter and most people I knew didn't even want to bother coming out of their simple insular bubble to learn aboutLI definitely is the Deep South of the Northeast. I've been in conversations where white people who live here assume I'm as racist as they are and start saying some wild shit. So many kids I went to high school with literally were posting pictures of cupcakes and their children's art project when George Floyd died. And then they had the nerve to prThe reason they get away with it is that the police system is corrupt. The reason why their colleagues stood by and watched is because the police system is racist. The reason why they are in certain neighborhoods targeting certain people is because the racist system requires and trains them to do so. If you believe that only bad people do bad thingPeople have to differentiate between good people and corrupt systems. We know these cops may be individually good, decent people. But clearly the system they work in is broken and racist. If you can't handle that good people can do bad things because of their environment, you will always see the world in black and white and the police will continueAlready rolling my eyes at how a certain fandom will start talking about how "their" 36 millions subscribers are boosting views. But also, people have such strange ideas about how investments and content and management works. This strange threat about how "Big Hit will hurt our boys if we boycott" is absolutely false and comes from very naive underI know it's his regular job, but he really does have extensive knowledge of food but doesn't come off in like a high falutin way. I do feel like many of his shows are repetitive because they all just depend on his personality to create content, though. I'm already tired of these shows and would rather find clips on YouTube if I'm interested in creaI really have a hard time relating to your feelings about Sleeq. Her "preferred brand of feminism"? At no point during the show did I feel she was "hyper-feminist" or putting feminism on a pedestal. And if you actually listen to her works, yes, she has feminist content but she is far from the TERF-y radical feminism that many Korean feminist personI like the intention you had behind your post, to encourage people not to completely give up on the public health actions we've been following during this lockdown, just because we're slowly starting to thaw. However, I'm afraid the rigidity in the tone and potential misdirection will create more resistance. 

What kind of gloves matter, please donI'm obsessed with this show, already done with episode 2! 

And for the show being vague-- I think because the writers of the show wanted to dispel this idea that when a group of women come together, everything becomes a catty competition. So they're saying "it's not a competition" though the first round is technically a competition. 

But it's reaA lot of those metrics are things the government or big systems and organizations can control. We can convert hospitals to make more beds and ICU beds available. We have lots of test sites and testing kits available. We can hire more people to be contact tracers. I'm hopeful that within two weeks, if we stay conservative on the stay-at-home and socDepends on the person. My expenses were mostly snacks or occasional dinner at Sushi Thai with friends. If you drink, that's also another expense. I felt that between working during the summer and picking up shifts for work-study couple of days a week, I was comfortable. You can also hold extra work-study jobs. I was a peer tutor on top of working aI bought the 6-month access, which was a total overkill. But in terms of getting used to the format and wording of the questions that will appear on the NCLEX, I think UWorld is the best at helping prepare you for actual testing conditions because the interface is so similar to the actual exam. Mimicking those conditions really helped me mentally aKnowing the rates that these workers are being paid and the ample warning given to them by agencies and fellow health care workers here, it's definitely not a surprise that their is tax on their income. But for many coming from other states, the percentage that the state takes for tax might be something they couldn't predict based on their normal. There are at least five healthcare professionals involved in filming this video. Not one of them had the judgment and foresight to say, hey, let's think about how this might appear to other people. 

I'm not saying TikTok itself is bad, but probably only a handful of nurses should be on it wearing uniforms and making content. We're fooling ourselveBecause lockdown and social distancing is working. I know a lot of places were being threatened with what's happening in my city, but I hope it never gets this bad for anywhere else because it shouldn't get this bad if you take due precautions. That said, NY is barely past the "peak" with all these measures in place. There are still tons of sick peThey will start slowly opening up as we get to the summer, but I fully expect it to extend past April 30th. It's difficult to say, because things are changing so rapidly and there are so many variables. I don't think we will have as strict of a stay-at-home order into the summer, but we will have some restrictions to prevent massive outbreak, basedThey tell you to stay home unless your O2 sat is very low. Even if you are "symptomatic" and feel awful and short of breath, there is a protocol they follow to see who needs to be admitted and who doesn't. Most places will follow with you via telemedicine, so you're being monitored and cared for. If you're desaturating, they will admit you to the hI definitely found many friends who weren't into drinking and crazy partying (the rural location and size makes it difficult to be a true party school, tbh). That said, Williams doesn't click with everybody. No school can guarantee the perfect relationships and social life you're hoping to have. You do have the option to transfer out if this is theI was always slightly uncomfortable with the way that LDG and his wife reinforced a lot of gender norms and specific standards of outward appearance on their kids. I'm not saying they're monster parents and they don't love their children, but they're all a product of the society they grew up and live in. Because the family received so much love froI went to Walmart today for the first time in weeks for groceries. I think it is safe to say, we're going to get much, much worse before we see a decline in numbers. Not all of those who contract the virus will need hospitalization or intensive care, for sure, but many people are still not taking pandemic crisis seriously, and the virus will continPeople who are quarantines are not supposed to go out at all. If you're sick, stay home. There are delivery services for everything right now. There are organizations that will help people who need groceries, medications, etc.. If you're symptomatic and/or tested positive for COVID-19, you need to stay in your room, period. You're not even supposedCDC is only considering it. And to be honest, from seeing how we still have gross shortage of PPE on top of drugs and other medical items in the hospitals now, and how quickly idiots created a toilet paper shortage when there didn't need to be one, I'm not surprised they're not telling people to wear masks. There is nothing wrong with wearing masksI can almost picture the kind of person who would paint that view of Williams, and it's literally very few people who have made this a hill they will die on, trying to claim their free speech was restricted by the pitchforks of liberalism. For 99% of Williams-- yeah, people will have different opinions from you and if you say something rash, no matI personally spent by entire K-12 life coasting at public schools and then got my butt kicked at Williams because I was less than average student here. But also, I would never have developed the ability to write a solid 5 pages in an hour without Williams. There is an advantage to being in the same classes as brilliant, hard-working people. 

If yoThere used to be a really small shop on Spring Street that stocked some groceries, but locally owned so not very affordable. Stop &amp; Shop is a bus ride away (though buses are not frequent, in which case pooling for a ZipCar use with friends might be helpful) and so is Wild Oats, which is more like a food co-op. 

Freshmen start off with a full mI totally agree with you that we should be prepared for school not to be in session for the rest of the school year. It's obvious to the rest of us, but if you've seen some of the responses the a-holes are having about shutting down public gatherings because of a pandemic that's killing thousands of people, Cuomo is wise to play this game in shorteAt this point, it's really difficult to figure out what will happen in a month. What if they call off school for the whole semester but adults end up going back to work mid-May? We will eventually have to slowly move out of this lockdown, even if the coronavirus isn't completely gone (This is what is happening in countries like China and South KoreThey're both quite nice. Mostly single rooms in Mission, but also some doubles (unless they changed it since I went). Many singles in Frosh Quad as well. Frosh Quad is closer to the center of the campus, but Mission comes with the advantage of just rolling downstairs in your PJs for meals if you wanted to. Frosh Quad is more of a typical room in a I don't know if they were deceiving the public with lower numbers, but I do believe there's been a combination of luck, some regular habits of ordinary citizens, the political effort to exclude the Princess Diamond cruise ship cases separated from Japan's numbers, and under-testing that have resulted in Japan's numbers being low for so long. In anyExactly, the gloves themselves are not the problem. People's lack of understanding about how the virus spreads and how to use the glove correctly is the problem. We need proper education for the public, not a blanket statement that can get misinterpreted by the uneducated (like every other hasty factoid being disseminated to the public by our politI know this opinion came from some who are in the medical community too, but I think it's more accurate to say that it can be ineffective if done incorrectly. The gloves give a false sense of security and can become a reservoir, just like your hands. However, the gloves can also serve as a reminder for people not to touch their faces and may be use