It's not the total strength we should be concerned about, but the nature of that strength. This is chiefly in the exclusive and shared egislative competences, yes, but other factors including the form of the legislative process apply. For example, the USs federal government can be seen as quite strong due to how executive orders, a tool available oAusbildung oder Studium machen einen nicht unbedingt zu einem besseren Politiker. Man könnte schon fast eher das Gegenteil sagen: So viele Rechtswissenschaftler und Anwälte wie im Bundestag (geschweige denn dem Bundesrat) kann das ja garkeine gute Abbildung der Gesellschaft sein.

Um deine Aussage noch auf andere Weise auf den Kopf zu drehen: Er haAuch ein interessanter Ansatz. Bei uns waren die Vorlesungen eigentlich ausschlieslich live, über Twitch, Youtube oder Webex. Die Möglichkeit, das ganze asynchron zu sehen hing dann vom Angebot des jeweiligen Dienstes ab. (Also zB Youtube archiviert Streams, Webex nicht).

Fragen kommen bei uns in der Vorlesung durchaus hin und wieder, und tragen dAh, dann hab ich's falsch verstanden. Hab da irgendwie rausgelesen, das Vorlesung als Präsenz laufen. Funktioniert das bei euch mit den Online-Vorlesungen? Hier höre ich ziemlich viel darüber, das nicht gerade wenige Studenten as Gefül haben, weniger als sonst wirklich mitgenommen zu haben.

(Was natürlich die Klausuren jetzt besonders geil macht, &gt;US forces in Germany, were NEVER about supporting Germany. They were about supporting the US's interests.

&gt;Moving other forces to the EU countries, is a half assed half measure. 

That's exactly why I *love* this move. It doesn't actually change anything of substance, but it plainly shows what unreliable allies the US can be and too often aThe difficulties don't vary to much between houses, but the story does. I'd suggest the following

BE &gt; BL &gt; GD &gt; BE (You'll understand the repeat once you get to it.)

Imo, this just helps build the world really well, and doesn't hit you over the head with info you can't place too often, while still keeping up the mysteries between routes&gt;China’s embassy said the suspension violated international law and the basic norms of international relations, and “grossly interferes with China’s internal affairs.” 

Ah there it is. The chinese response trifecta. I don't think I need to lay out the layers of bullshit here, but I do find the idea that the suspension of an international treatyThat's kind off what I'm trying to say. EFA parties are unlikely to be friendly to federalism at anypoint. (I'm assuming the "regardless of current stance" means we're allowed to take future stances into consideration). But since the poll doesn't have an option for the EGP, only for the Greens[/EFA], you're not going to get one without the other. SA month-old account, with a generic twitter bio that doesn't refrence the user behind it at all, tweeting equally generic, answers with no specific relation to the tweet they're answering...
Ever so slightly supicious, I'd say.

But then again, this might just as well fall into that same quota as the 5% or so of people who fill out surveys randomly&gt;The Union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity, freedom, democracy, equality, the rule of law and respect for human rights, including the rights of persons belonging to minorities. These values are common to the Member States in a society in which pluralism, non-discrimination, tolerance, justice, solidarity and equality betwee"Die Antifa" ist halt ein perfektes Feinbild für Leute, die eine allgemeine Gefahr sehen wollen, die je nach Bedarf zu einem beliebigen Zeitpunkt entweder übermächtig oder schwach sein kann, ohne dabei auf die unkooperative Realität vertrauen zu müssen. Es handelt sich hierbei im Endeffekt um die gleichen Verschwörungen, die auch Juden vorgewurfen &gt; Es ist traurig, dass gegen Länder, die die grundlegenden Werte der EU nicht teilen und massiv die Demokratie aushebeln nichts unternommen wird.

Es gibt halt nicht viel, was zu tun gibt. Nach den Verträgen kann einem Mitgliedsstaat halt nichts wirklich entzogen werden, bis der Rest der Mitgliedsstaaten einstimmig feststellt, das einer oder mehAKK dropping out was less because of shifting political views within the CDU, and more because very few people see her as competent, let alone a good leader. What increase there is in far-right views within the party is probably people leaving the AfD, since it seems to be back on a declining course, and these people seem to be quite opportunisticaFrom that very same thread, [this](url) tweet. Points 1 and 2 there are pretty much alternative phrasings for what I said above. This move seems as insane as the rest of Trumps policy because we're working under the assumption that its purpose is of millitary nature. It is not. What Trump, but also the other US generals and politicians who were undIt does make sense if your intention isn't to provide military support, but to keep your influence in the region without endagenering the soldiers. Obviously, I can't look into anyones heads, but I doubt what military strategy there is behind this move is focused on, well, the military aspect. This is purely a grab for soft power.

E0: Though, of c&gt; Say the next treaty changes come along, how likely is it that membership will be mandatory for Hungary and co.?

Given that the treaties are intergovenmental in nature, Hungary or any other member states could in theory reject a new treaty that would obligate them to participate on those grounds. The best we can hope for here, imo, is that the&gt;For those who want to learn German *using Google Translate exclusively*. Forget it.

FTFY / RDFD

Synonyms exist, and competent language laearning tools will teach you about that. As [rewboss eloquently demonstrated](url), the same "problem" exists in the reverse, yet this subreddit itself serves as proof that this is by no means as much of an The first European Public Prosecutors have been appointed by the Council, with the chief prosecutor being appointed from them in codecision with the EP. They have been charged with protecting the Union and its peoples interests from lawbreakers where state prosecutors have proven inefficient or unable. This is a great step forward not only for a trSo this map notes subnational official languages for the UK, but not for other places. That's an interesting choice, considering that England, Scotland, Wales and NI aren't exactly sovereign states in the common sense of the word, and are argubly farther from it than Germanys states, some of which do have other official languages in addition to gerI mean, that's a subset of what's provided by the decision on howthe exclusive and shared legislative competences are going to be distributed (as the Executive does its work based on the laws, this applies there too), which as I mentioned before, I don't think anybody wanted to co-opt without review and adjustment for European needs and circumstancI'm afriad I still don't see the point. I'm reasonably sure no one proposes just copying the exclsuive and shared legislative competences without review, nor have I ever seen proponents of a directly elected upper house advocate this on the basis that the US does it. I'm probably missing something fairly obvious here, but I'm afraid I have yet to gWell, that would still require someone deciding the 20 most important criteria, and I'm not sure there's a way to do that objectively. But your point is well taken.

&gt;and can you elaborate on the exceptions to the 1st amendment please

Well, firstly, the text reads as such:

&gt;Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion,Laws have limited jurisdiction. They apply only there, where the authority establishing them has the athority to do so. Beyond that, honestly I'm not sure wheter it would apply to state agents when acting in places and ways where it wouldn't apply to citizens, but this honestly seems lie the kind of thing you'd aska lawyer rather than an internet f&gt; America where it is written into the constitution that the media can pretty much say anything,

I mean, not really. There are pretty significant exceptions within the first amendment, and court cases have found in favour of stronger restrictions than what we, as legal laypersons, might expect. (And since the USs legal system values precedent vThat is quite the reach you have there. Causally equating hate speech to "things the government doesn't like". While the media is bound the same as anyone else by anti-hate-speech-legislation, this legislation is desgined in such a fashion to be as unobstrusive as possible. Restricting hate speech in the way it is done in Germany does not interfereYou can find the conclusions of the EUCO from that summit [here](url). The mechanism in question is described in the Annex, in points 22 and 23.

I will point out that this has not yet been adopted by the EP (it has to have parliaments consent because it concerns the budget), and several committess have raised concerns over cuts to the budget. So iDie App ist ja aber auch alleine kein Heilmittel. Sie zu installieren und dann zu ignorieren ändert auch nicht, nebst der Download-Nummer. Ich würde schätzen, das die Anzahl der Personen, die von ihrer Gesundheit nicht dazu bewegt werden, die App zu benutzen, von 1€ aber schon, minimal ist. Hier würden also Regierungsmittel für nichts ausgegeben, dIt's hardly upon us to determine if these microstates should be aborbed by bigger states. If they want that, fine, but I serverly doubt they do.

That being said, as far as the distribution of exclusive legalistic competences and powers to the federations member states goes, I see absolutely no reason to differentiate between different 'classes' of&gt; We have a system where Malta, the smalles EU nation, has 514.000 citizens, while Germany, the largest EU nation, has 83 million citizens. It means that, if we have equal representation of the states in the upper house, one vote for their government in Malta is roughly 166 times stronger than one vote for the German government. This leads to a &gt; well - yes and no. We see the problem in the US where for the last three periods, the small states went on a complete blockade. A minority of, if I remember correctly, states taht only represent 20 % of the population, caused the system to get into a grinding halt. It creates a system where it is highly incentivised for the parties to push masThe upper house in a federation is charged with the representation of the interests of the states in the legislative processes. The states are fundamentally equal to one another, in the same way each citizen is fundamentally equal to any other. The latter is represented in the lower house, through the general election of representatives across the I guess we're technically northern in a binary definition?Anyway, it's alright, but could have been better.

It's good that we have a mechanism to keep our trade partners economy afloat in a way where the burden is distributed relatively fairly. In the long (and almost certainly mid-) term the sheer amount of trade revenue not lost thanks to this f&gt; I don't think you know what that means. My line of thinking isn't illogical and unconnected, and perhaps you thinking so really demonstrates how little Federalists actually give a shit about commoners wishes and concerns. 

What you said has no relation to what you asked before, and what I answered before, so yes, it is a non-sequitor.

Also, Ok, so first of all, all of this is a massive non-sequitor.

&gt;No, all we know is that the countries that contribute the most per capita kicked up a massive fuss over this unregulated transfer payment

Every state "kicked up a massive fuss", because that strengthens their negotiating position. In the end, all the states agreed on the compromise sThe economic stregth of each states economy, and with that a good bit of that states populations wealth and living standard, relies on that states trading partners being in an economical position where trade is possible in a way that is beneficial to both. The extreme economic damage resulting from the pandemic has disproportionally hit some statesI find that very doubtfull. Europe is aging, yes, but that just means that at some point well have a death wave. That may then temporarily reduce the population and stunt growth for a while, but there is no reason to believe that this would change the population growth over time. (Especially given that older people have significantly fewer childrenIf we put aside the understanding that declaring winners here is a tad silly, then I'd say yes, they are. (Though I understand it might be Frugal 5 now.) They also saw the fund as neccesary, and shaped it considerably, especially regarding the balance between loans and grants. The Netherlands specifically had a rather heavy hand regarding the exactThe situation isn't quite that clear, I think.

The Universal Declaration of Human rights does protet the right to "[..] a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family, including food[...]" in article 25. The voting record for the relevant part of the relevant session of the general assembly ([available her&gt; So the Dutch don't want to give money that is disappearing in the pockets of Orban's friends. Shouldn't we all support that?

The Dutch are also pushing for some other things, especially placing any control mechanism in the hands of the council instead of the commission, and said mechanism using unanimity instead of QMV, which aren't very popuWe need a period short enough that the voters can meaningfully hold their representatives to account, but we need long enough periods that meaningfull political progress can be made inbetween elections, and to avoid perpetual eletion capaigns and the inter-party animosity that comes with them. 4 to 5 years have been proven to provide this by experi&gt; germany confirms how we have virtually no rule of law, no real separation of powers, studying comparative constitutional law, constitutional law, criminal and administrative law traumatized me in this regard.

What are you on about? The judiciaries power isn't very visible, but it's bein excercised with relatively little undue influece.

&gt; &gt; I would favour an hybrid parliamentary and presidential regime due to the fact that parliamentary regimes are in practice horrible for erasing any judiciary independence, legitimacy and authority. Democracy yes but not over the rule of law.

Hungary isn't a good basis to judge parliamentary systems upon. Yes, parliamentary systems can be explo&gt; They already do appoint the executive in most of europe and have perfect legitimacy to do so. 

They *choose* the executive, not appoint it.

&gt;Power requires choice.

A note which quite aptly shows my point.

&gt;There is no flaw

Oh, so you *are* intentionally avoiding answering uncomfortable, yet trivially arising questions.

&gt;Why exac&gt; Minister president is how the HoG of the federal states in Germany is called 

I'm concluding from this remark that you're german. Since I am too, if you need any help with the translation of specific terms or a way to explain them, I'd be happy to help. (Though I can't promise anything, I'm not a licensed transator or anything)

&gt;Could you&gt; You still haven't at all made an argument for that claim you make. Parliament has the competences for appointing people and that doesn't violate separation of powers in any meaningful way.

Simply that the legislature does not have the legitimacy to do appoint the executive, because it's mandates are legislative in nature, not executive. And c&gt; In the former case the function of head of state could be removed immediately and nothing would change.

You still need someone to actually do the appointing. Somebody has to have the competences to do that. And there is quite literally no office that is part of the three powers that can do this without compormising the seperation of powers.

&gt; The votes get counted federation wide and not for every state each like it's currently with the EU Parliament

For clarification: You're referring to a straight closed-list proportional system with federation-wide lists here?

&gt;minister president

I think we ought to use a better term. This on just sounds weird, imo.

Oh, and abbreviating i&gt; Even in republics the head of state often only has symbolic power to do what the government headed by the head of government has decided he should do. Symbolic power is something that actually doesn't need to be exercised. 

There is a big difference between "symbolic" and "ceremonial". The appointment of the government as well as signing prop&gt; Centralising powers of the head of state to the head of government is most definitely a matter of opinion because it can be done.

It cannot be done in this way without compromising the seperation of powers, parliamentary oversight, and parliaments role as a whole.

&gt;The president serves in modern countries as a clog in the political machinThe prime minister / HoG cannot appoint themselves, as to do that the office would have to be empty in the first place. At the same time, they should not have the power to appoint their own ministers, because that leads to the government serving at the pleasure of the prime minister as much as parliament, when it should only be responsible to the lBecause somebody needs to execute those powers. Somebody needs to formally appoint the government, somebody needs to formally sign things into law. Further, the HoS in a parliamentary system can provide a constitutionality check not tied to the will of the executive or the day-to-day politics, while being quicker at it than the courts. (Not a replaThe chart does not indicate distribution of power. Even parliamentary systems require a head of state (indeed, them being a different person form the head of government is a key benefit of parliamentarianism), but that doesn't mean they have anything more than ceremonial power. Naming the federal head of state as "President" in no way impedes that.I'm not a philosopoher in any way, but to me it looks like this:

Making a distinction between "being" and "doing" is the wrongapproache to begin with. In the end, everything that defines our physical being is something we do, from large things like movements to complete more complex actions, to smaller things like the electrical impulses that resuYou're missing a bunch of key point here, but if I've got you right you have:

1. A bicarmeral
2. Parliamentary Federal Republic
3. Where Members of the upper house are appointed by state parliament

Is that correct? There are many things here which require further explanation or are, by experience, less than optimal (Imo, your usage of rotations c&gt; The issue with lists is that if we want the EP to represent us proportionally (and I see no reason why we wouldn't), there will be a few states that have only one MEP

That is why I am in favour of federation-wide lists. The lower house of the legislature is charged with the representation of the population of the federation as a whole, and so(Das hier ist eigentlich ein englischsprachiger sub, r/de ist der deutschsprachige DACH-sub)

Wie andere bereits angemerkt haben, ist "Engel" als Nachname nichts neues, aber als Vorname mehr als nur ungewöhnlich. Viel interessanter ist mmn., das man in Deutschland "Engel" als Namen für einen Neugeborenen wahrscheinlich garnicht eintragen dürft. DieThat doesn't make much sense, the only way to realise this would be for each constituency to get its own party sublist, which would remove much of the little benefit STV has.

Now, you definitely could use a party list system as the first / major system, to determine the proportions, and a STV-adjacent system for selecting some MEPs with priority oAny system linked to locality (FPTP, STV, RCV, ...) fundamentally restricts the voters choices, because they are unable to vote for a party which does not run a candidate in their area (or, in multi-member constituency systems, enough members). It also inherently leads to some votes being discarded. A system in which the proportion of seats between&gt; I have not played the game yet mainly because the sports team I go for (Collingwood in the AFL) was playing tonight. Got a nice win against a big rival.

Gotta be honest, I have little knowledge of sports, but congrats on the win!

I do have to note though, the core gameplay is pretty far, so Warriors probably isn't that great to judge if you &gt; Now you're a bit harsh, Switzerland is not that isolated. It is, but not as much as you said. :D

Well, I was exaggerating a bit for comedic effec there.

&gt;In the negotiation for the bilateral treaty with the EU, Germany often is on our side, while the EU has a similar sentiment like France towards us.

I mean, you do say just before that t