US has problems with it on the geopolitical scale. You do realise Germany and the US are strong rivals in trade add the military in and now Germany will be competing with the US in more things and making decision that the US state does not want. The US and Germany are butting heads not because of Trump but because of trade and geopolitical reasons Yes and No, Germany benefits in that they focus elsewhere and within but it also loses as it loses its independence and ability to stand for itself and cast its own course. And future growth. as long as the US are there they are not truly spreading their wings to become strong. If they built their military and their industrial complex their economyThat is the main reason US Hegemony, a strong Germany even if an ally will undermine it. 

Military industrial complex though won't effect healthcare as US healthcare mess is more a due to chaotic healthcare infrastructure and institution and setup and internal politics. The failure is more to do with healthcare industry insurance etc.

But you canI never said at this point but if the US leaves it can lead to the Germans rebuilding and becoming serious. The Germans are handicapping themselves but if necessity forces them they can change.

The point is as long as NATo and US as there they will be handicapped as that is the goal of NATO and US to keep Germany down. Once it is not there it leadGermany spending is high but that is still very little when compared to their GDP and does not have spending that supports the armed forces in military operations which shows shortages in equipment and supplies. 

And yes even if they spend alot their spending is not representive of a nation taking charge of it's defense or truly independent in itsIt is not that great of a spyware really, it is the same as Facebook and other social media corps that collect data. Too much noise and crap data to sift through. Any viable data though was data that you can easily get from other social media as well like Twitter or Instagram without even owning it.

The only real issue is that it is owned by ChinaThing is Presidency are popularity contest so the taller you are the more favourable people are to you. But if you are short you may be more likely to gain your power through the beauracracy. 

Funny thing is under dictators it is better to be short than tall so that you never got killed. Why Stalin and Mao were more wary of the tall guys than the Harper had run in with the Ethics commissioner, he has a decent list of ethics violation. Ever since the Ethics law was passed in 2007. Hell even Mulroney and the previous liberals did. 

It is well understood once you enter government you are going to violating the ethical rules especially when it comes to international affairs and large institutiOr maybe listen to what they said, they specifically reference laws that go against certain programs being run in a charity. The Me to We is for social enterprise support which is not allowed to exist under the charity arm according to the law. Why Me to We is separate from the We which is the charity. 

url

You can literally read it over, if you They said they were not paid for WE day not for other events. So not sure how they backtracked they agreed with other board chair. It is the same thing. 

You have decided to ignore grammar to push a point. 

What did both testimony say, no one was paid for WE day what did the latest testimony say people were paid and Trudeau's family was paid for No it has not the testimony literally said that no one was paid for WE day those brothers said the exact same thing but added were paid for other events. 

These are not whataboutism this is just stating we know for a fact no one gets paid for WE day just for other events and other speakers exist who have been paid but the brothers can't say anythiSorry replied to he wrong comment you are right about that but if they can show that the vehicle is of order and they did state the boards knew about it then it might end up hurting the boar that resigned. The question is if they were stonewalled or told.  And we have two accounts here. One that they were stone walled another was that they were tolYou said the other speakers are never paid just Trudeau's family. I only stated that according to their documentation they have paid other speakers as well which you said they did not do. The only difference is that they paid it for other events not WE day.

This an entirely different subject about the issue with the board and transparency.

Also tNot really, I listened to it, it had nothing to do with siphoning funds at all all the money would be spent and any returned and any of the so called admin cost were for costs like insurance costs etc no money was going to the WE organization and all of it was traceable. 

Now if some charity below WE tried to siphon it is a different thing but theThere are the multiple sources said they are not paid for WE day but did not talk about other events. 

From this interview we learn that WE does not pay for WE day but for hosting other events which points to that other speakers are paid if they are at a WE event that is not WE day. This is the same thing with the Trudeau family not paid for WE daWell yes but they also answered it she had done it the same way Harper's own wife was invited to some events which hints that Harper's own wife may have been payed as well as Conservative leaders. 

The only reason they say they choose her is cause this was her project as the wife of the Prime Minister but they don't want to outrightly say because Yes but we do it because we are safe here, they run an org there so keep their mouth shut cause they believe their work is important and don't want to undermine it. It is a moral dilemma. If you believe your humanitarian work is justified it could lead to these dilemma. 

I mean I hate the CCP regime action in xinjiang and have switched between peaThat is what they always do they even say that about Elon Musk. They want to have a good look and use professional orgs to help them feel good, but to work in China you need to do that. It is not some amazing discovery just reality.

If you work in China and want little problem with your work, you keep your mouth shut and let them do what they wantBuddy no one wants to get rid of you, just calling you an idiot for thinking operating an org in China means being a CCP stooge. If that so true every single company listed on the stock exchange and every business is a CCP tool hell even Elon Musk and Trump own family are because they have business over there and they have been outspoken against thI mean they did give a reasoning most of those corps based in different countries are there because they have to exist as separate entities and some exist due to laws in Canada that don't allow you to do certain things as a charity like the credit program. 

It just seems like a huge legal issue how a charity can and cannot do some thing so you havNot really, they seem to be making statements but not really getting anywhere or restating questions that seem to have been answered. There are some issues but most are conflict of interest at best but nothing else. 

Every question he posits like the reason there are different orgs has been answered. And was told quite clearly the different countrThe issue with ASOIAF is that it is written to be a history book similar to the events during the War of Roses that expands too much and becomes too complicated it becomes near impossible to tie the pieces together.

Basically we can tell the story of Napoleonic wars but one can write books and books on each different groups that had an impact etc.I mean they did make reforms in some way, but some were forced on people and some were just blind ignorance of the population issues especially the optics. The enrichment just led to resentment and later anger especially as the vast majority were not living the similar life. I mean rural living was still strong back then and the old ways still persAnyone with an acreage likely was a landholder, remember landholding is still something the rich were, there are exceptions. But the vast majority of Iran did not own acreages only the well off did. Hell most farmers did not own their land and worked as peasants in systems that could be similar to feudalism, hell many countries still have similar sDissemination if ideas and it trickling down generally happens slowly or faster depending on how much control the nation has, it does not matter how religious or strong it is. The less control the central state is the more varied ideas can take root and compete and find a place to grow. It also does not mean progressive ideas gain support, hell durThis is very bad view of Iran and the ME a region that was way more conservative. The pics you see were of the rich living glamorous lives while the poor and middle class suffered under even more repressive laws. 

The irony is for example Iran although went hardcore Islamic it also led to great education reform and massive literacy growth and induThat sounds great until you have to deal with the internal politics of Native Reserves and how the police works within them. The lack of resources and just infrastructure and societal decay. 

Reservation are usually places no one wants to live and everyone wants to leave unless it has the best location. 

This heavily depends on reserve you are diSo a disease doctor cannot have any opinions outside of diseases? They have no freedom to decide what they believe in. Once a disease doctor, has to always be a disease doctor and make statements as a disease doctor. 

She is saying it is ok for one and the other not in the position of a disease doctor but as a private citizen.

Just cause she is aThe problem is an innovation based economy leaves many Americans behind. Especially the blue collar workers, they are found to be easily replaced with new machines. And although more techs need to be hired the number is less than the number of jobs displaced.

This leads to the situation we have now a big portion of the country being left behind anNot really, it depends on degree of how you weigh each action. Life is not black and white humans are hypocritical due to changing circumstances. Just cause she feels differently with one protest compared to another can easily be attributed to how she compared the cost benefit of each action. If she believes ending police brutality is a bigger beneThing is revolutions are bad but they bring change and progress in the larger scheme of things. The French Revolution was important for the advancement of mankind some would say, as ideas such as nationalism started to take root and older ideas were thrust aside for new ones. Yes it brought chaos, but that chaos brought a crisis that led to new thiBut why would they go there, not all of them are rich and what jobs will they find there. It would also create tensions in those neighborhoods as well and you can't control where they go. 

Also you fail to realize why Hong Kong became what it is, the geographic, geopolitical and economic factors are unique to HK that don't exist in most of these dCool, you have students doing it, still how many of them were part of the group or actively working for the CCP, if it is news worthy it shows it is a minority case not a majority case issue. 

It is not surprising that foreign government will try to use student union groups to try to infiltrate, that is not really the fault of the Chinese studentsYeah but why kick out Chinese students if anything let them come and absorb them into the Canadian community. Yeah they might be divided first generation but their kids are definitely going to be different. 

Plus we are not only getting their money but also their brains into our country. 

The only problem we as a country have is allowing them to This is a good take better late than never. Even if he messed up earlier and got into a fight just clarifying things is better. 

Now it is time to wait for Ninja et all to apologize and if necessary clarify why they jumped the gun.

At the same time clip chimps and chat and lsf Redditors need to stop taking a point and spinning a narrative to creaI have been stating that the context is wrong from the beginnings but if xQc wants to deal with it he should have made a point that the video was out of context instead of buying into the fight. 

Not everyone is going to watch a full livestream, do you know what others say ignoring context no, you care about context when it is xQc but others you wHe was talking it in a negative way in the clip that came out basically insinuating they were taking advantage of charity streams to line their pockets.

But it was in a fit of anger. There was little to no nuance in the clip, we are not talking the stream but a clip. What he stated in that clip is an attack but it was for a different matter and moTechnically she was with Ninja before he hit it big on Twitch with Fortnight, if I remember they had a relationship since early in the decsde or i might be wrong so yeah she ain't really a gold digger as she was with him before his rise to riches. Remember his rise was in 2018,  they were in relationship before that.

Though Ninja was a pro esport She likely does as well as him, note she is also his manager and helps manage alot of shit behinds the scene, but as she is not paid a wage as they are married the money is saved within the family. So if she was paid she may have given it. 

But now we are dealing with what ifs, and as most families especially traditional families which Ninja and sNo he meant most but it was also in the heat of the moment and in frustration. It was a shit take but it was in response to chat annoying him. And then it was taken out of context and parades everywhere and used as justification to attack other streamers leading to this fallout.

He normally may have a different take.

Honestly this who shitshow coHe also called her a gold digger, which is to insinuate she only was in the relationship cause Ninja is rich ignoring they were together quite before that as well considering they have been in a relationship for quite some time before he became a household name and before he became big on Twitch, so easy to see why one can argue.

This still ignoreIt is not, but the video that you watch without context insinuates that all streamers are just doing charity streams for the money. 

There was no nuance in that it also ignores the context that he was heated and responding to chat annoying him. Why he made that quote was made badly. It also attacks streamers who do it and insinuates that all streaTechnically there was also the xQc bad take that started this whole mess a simple video that led to a bunch of streamers being attacked for using charities to enrich themselves.

xQc take if taken at face valur was basically if a streamer is doing a charity streams he is doing it cause they got paid. Which is a really bad take and is also open endeMakes sense for Ninjas wife to get angry especially as they host charity streams as well. It kind of is like an attack on Ninja and calling them scammers for hosting charity events to get kickbacks and goodwill.

She is also right that the FTC has a say in it. But the take xQc gave maybe without the other context comes off as just attacking streameTechnically if you just listened to xQc video one can easily assume he is calling nearly all charity streams basically scams and just a way for streamers to make more money.


It kind of is an attack on streamers who host them. Now he can clarify it later but the initial video is basically a hard take.

It was not a nuanced take and it can easily iWell I mean this comment could insinuate that all streamers are heatless money makers and charity streams are also profit making from them. It could without context be an attack on many streamers like her husband.

It could undermine future charity streams and lead to narratives when other host it. 

It does make sense why she attacked especially aNo it is, lots of stories about those who stop advertising losing their market share while those who did kept theirs. 

Read up on Kellogs and how they beat Post, one reigned in advertising the other did not, guess whose name is still known to this day. Kellogs. 

It is a well known story giving and oft repeated in history. Those who cut spending iIf you know the reason they attacked the US it is tied to US gov action. They had already bombed a US Embassy in an African country I forgot and the US were already hunting him and his org down before that. There is a huge backstory to it that is tied to the Soviet Afghan War and it's subsequent effect on Al-Qaeda and their beliefs, as well as OBL Anything that relies on ad revenue is shit quality, anything behind a paywall has good quality. This is a fact in journalism. If your source uses ads then they are really abusing their stories to push narratives similar to Rebel Media as well as pushing clickbait articles.

Good articles never I repeat never get any traction and need paywall to keeIndia is entirely different, it ain't China it is more like Europe, there is a potential and big ones for secessionist movement and the country is way more divided based on culture and language than China is. They are more like the European Union except more centralized with a more overbearing beauracracy. Any attempt to look at them through the leEthical as in the leader of a nation shit talks you and you kill and rape all the citizens of the nation's just to make a point?

Ethical as in when a nation surrenders to your rule you come by later to pillage it and kills it's inhabitants?

The only reason trade flourished as you say is due to him being the only ruler in that land and most trade Or that is the only thing putting food on the table for them and now that it is disappearing they are panicking. Remember finding a new job able to maintain the same lifestyle is extremely hard, especially with the pay oil fields gave. It is what led to Trump winning in the US, Alberta being a region that is heavily tied to oil with all industries No historically diversification is extremely hard task. For example due to the boom and bust cycle whenever attempts at diversification began the boom would lead to a flood of high paying oil and gas Jobs pricing out the other industries for labour. This led to most companies setting up outside of Alberta as the labour pool there was willing to worNot killing Abby is different from killing others, remember Abby is the source of her hatred, so a change din behavior when you have your most hated person right within your sights can happen. 

People have realizations at weird times but mostly when emotions are high, kind of like a post nut clarity. When you have alot of emotions and have alot ofAlthough true, because your emotions are tied to one person sometimes the realization comes when you are face to face with the person you absolutely hate. The others may just be objects in your way and so you never notice them the same way. 

People are irrational and make stupid decisions or random decisions all the time. Just cause something is rPrime sub integration is not the same as Amazon paying for Streamers contract, Prime Sub merging is a way to expand Prime Membership and less to do with paying streamers. Anyone who knows Amazon business model is their goal is to get as many people on Amazon Prime as possible. 

The Prime Membership although helps streamers it helps Amazon more as Twitch is not Amazon and Amazon is not using their war chest for this, Twitch is using their war chest. Amazon is the parent company though two are different orgs.


Mixer is Microsoft as that was Microsoft trying to start up there, Mixer is not a separate company but just a service or platform Microsoft provided. Twitch was already a successful buAmazon is not as involved in Twitch as Microsoft was in Mixer. Amazon does not need to manage or put money into it heavily, Twitch already has its own war chest which is why Amazon does not really need to get that much involved with any fight.

Remember the saying if it ain't broke don't fix. That is Amazon business model in relation to twitch, the Bernier is not really a SoCon as Scheer was also one. 

The SoCons are a significant base and are the reform party.  The Conservative can split and win elections though as Mulroney did with the PC party. The question is whether after winning seats in Ontario needed to win the election and some in Quebec they also need to take votes from the WesterPossible depending on how much production is stopped for quite a long time and is not restarted. As more companies go bankrupt so will more equipment just end up being idled on the sidelines as these corps go through the bankruptcy procedures. 

It also depends on how much demand picks up. I don't expect it anytime soon maybe next year or at the en