As a new player, I'd actually take a step back and try to ignore the guides on looping and team-building. Truth be told, those are mostly end-game min-maxing for people looking to minimize the time they spend farming. Instead, just try to level up Servants you think look cool and ones that are almost universally useful. Do your best to clear the haQuick looping has a lot of requirements and is very F2P-unfriendly. Among these requirements are maxed servants, so Atalante would need to be Level 80 + maxed skills. Outside of 3 turn looping, Atalante is very good at generating and dishing out crits, but she doesn't have a crit damage buff which can make her a little underwhelming compared to othHow many NP levels does Dantes need to out-damage an NP5 Lancelot when using the Skadi system? I'm currently using 2xSkadi + Waver + Little Halloween Devil (I have a KScope, but no SuperScope) If I understand correctly, the 3 turn loop becomes more stable with Dantes, but will it be able to out-damage Lancelot and be able to loop mobs with the sameWho are the best Assassin-killers in the game? It seems to me every review of a damage-focused Caster always mentions how you should just take a Berserker instead. So who are the best Casters (or Not Casters) to use when you're:

a) Farming assassins b) Killing an assassin boss and c) Killing multiple tanky assassins (like, 3 assassins that won't dBruisers are supposed to be able to 1v1 carries, their kit inherently makes them strong at damaging and outsustaining carries. If you watch the fight Dhokla isn't able to put much CC on Aatrox, Impact doesn't hit Dhokla at all so he doesn't get Grevious Wounds inflicted on him, so all you have is one tank who's just smacking Impact like a wet noodlThe problem with skirmisher vs. assassin is also that getting instantly oneshot by a decent assassin player feels super frustrating to play against, but if the assassin can't get the one-shot they're kinda useless and it feels bad as the assassin player, especially if the assassin falls behind. Riot's been pushing for "assassins" with a longer timeHow do you ADC in the early levels? A lot of times I get a support that completely forfeits the lane (you know, that Janna player or Sona player who sits about 4 Teemos behind you while you try to CS) and I find it incredibly difficult to do anything. When I duo with a support I know, I find the lane far easier to play. Am I getting carried when I At the time of release, there was no way of acquiring ascended armor by buying timegated mats, which was my point. And much like legendaries, this mount (as others have pointed out) does nothing unique, you could call it "just a skin" with "kind of legendary value", sort of like how the Griffin is. You have a griffin? Wow you spent a lot of gold anI'm looking up Ravi builds and there's a wild variety of options. Currently I'm using an Attack/CritR set, but someone also suggested I should consider Lifesteal, CritD, or Counter. For what reasons would I sub out Attack for any of these sets? Note that I'm primarily using Ravi as a vamp tank, so I thought that she's be tankiest by doing a ton of Can someone help me out with prioritizing who I should be leveling/equipping/skilling up? The list of decent 3*, 4*, and 5* heroes I have is below:


5*: Baiken, Tamarinne, Yuna, Iseria, Kayron, Ravi

4*: C. Dominiel, Shadow Rose, Surin, Silk, Crozet, Clarissa, Leo, Armin, Corvus, Mercedes

3* (only decent ones based on the tier list): Kluri (doingAnother thing to note as a Thief main is that roaming open world with Deadeye feels like absolute shit, you don't do any AOE damage so trying to farm or cleave through mobs is a huge pain in the butt - on the other hand Daredevil is one of the best at massive AOE damage, so it's good to have both on hand. For bosses/raids/world bosses/etc where theHow do you play the Jax vs Yasuo matchup as Jax, especially in the early levels? His Q goes through your E level one while you're trying to CS, so he can poke and chip away at you. His E lets him easily get away from you if you're trying to all in, and you can't even trade effectively with his passive shield, plus trying to trade with him means he I don't remember the math or the post that had it, but relying on instakill is a pretty bad idea, especially regarding enemy servants. King Hassan's big strengths are mostly in how durable he is, how much damage he does, and how well he synergizes with Merlin (or your Buster Meme buffer of choice). The instakill gimmick is really more for flavor anIn PvE, which exotic set is better for Thousand Cuts Hunter? Promethean Lens + Ophidia Spathe + Dynamo or Promethean Lens + Shards of Galanor? I know in certain applications (PvE, Blind Well) Shards is straight up better, but as a mostly solo player, what will help me the most?


As well, I just broke through the iLvl 600 mark. What's the fastest wIs Raikou just a better Lancelot? She does a lot of the same things, doesn't she? Massive AOE damage, vacuum up stars and then crit (maybe not as hard) but much the same?


As well, when's her next banner?

EDIT: Got another question - but if I already have Kintoki Rider and Ozy, what role does Quetz play as a ST Rider compared to them? Aside from Drop rate is how likely you'll get a crit star per attack. These stars are then gathered in to a pool, then distributed based on gather rates. So a character who generates a lot of stars might not receive them if another Servant has a much higher gather rate.


Strategies sometimes revolve around having one Servant generate a ton of stars, then feeSo I've completely farmed out shortcakes and cheesecakes (aside from Totems/Monuments, but I have ~120 totems of each and ~80 Monuments of each) so what should I be focusing on? Fruitcakes from the other 40 AP node or stick to the latest one and try my best to farm socks?

Also I still need my 5th copy of Holy Night Supper, does weigh in to stickinAP vs AD Kaisa - pros and cons of each build? Is it possible to build an on-hit style build with Runaans, BoTRK, Guinsoos, and Nashors? Which build spikes earlier, and which one at full build outputs more DPS? I'm also assuming AP has more safety options built in to its build (Zhonyas, Banshees). Is it suboptimal to build an AP survival item if I'mForgive my ignorance, but I don't really understand how he's wrong? Like, it's definitely untrue that people won't notice as that defeats the whole point of a tariff, but what about the part he said about inflation? Doesn't the price of products go up because of inflation anyways, and wages are stagnant already? Seems to me that the tariffs exacerbJust compared a save file with the cheat sheet and without - the cheat sheet gives you the odds of winning a roll. The probabilities are found by pressing L1 - you can use this to find the machine that will give you the most likely chances of getting Slime Time. It doesn't do anything when activated, it just passively gives you the odds of a machinI'm having difficulties with Dark Knight, even in PvE. My usual rotation would be to Awakening F, shftF, shftRMB, shftLMB + flow, shftRMB + flow, shftF, then switch to Unawakening shftF, then upF. How do change this now that most of these skills are unsafe? In bosses I often find myself knocked out of Awakening F, or taking more damage than I used An incredible response, but it left me with a few questions. You briefly mentioned slavery practiced by the Romans and the Greeks, but focused primarily on transatlantic slavery. Could you answer that question as well - why do we call the forced labor enforced by the Romans and Greeks slavery as well? I'm by no means educated in this matter, but I'It's the price everyone pays for modern day convenience - you expose yourself to the companies that facilitate social networking. Each user is responsible for understanding that yes, in using a service, you must pay a price. If the service is free, that's because you are the product. I play a game that costs money, there are no permissions to be grExcept this data is all opt-in. In Android, looking at App permissions, Facebook can potentially be allowed to have access to Calendar, Camera, Contacts, Location, Microphone, SMS, Storage, and Telephone. Which means yes, if allowed, they will scrape names, call lengths, text messages, and numbers from your phone. While these things may not be explThey can't look at your SMS messages unless you agree to have Messenger handle your text messages - again, that's opt in. Facebook can only go through things you do while using their service - same as Google, Apple, and every other tech company. Which is why they all push you to use their service. If I'm using Gmail, I'm letting Google go through mThey're also the most honest expression of your skill, especially after multiple runs have been posted. PUGs can drag down your score, sure, and maybe get you killed, but if a group isn't willing to try understanding your situation then maybe you don't want to be a part of that group anyways? Lots of data can be misinterpreted from your logs, but yTo be honest every A-rank dicer is pretty despicable in their own way except, to me, Dongtae. Eunju is a hypocrite who only wants to return to the way things were because she benefited the least from dice. Boy-with-cancer-gf has no morals if it will keep his dying gf alive a little longer. Mio has terrible self esteem. Taebin/Mouyoung is just...darDoes anyone know if it's possible to modify/rename the included animation folders in FNIS PCEA2? I've tried replacing some of the contents/renaming the folders, but any modifications throws up FNIS Error(55). If I replace one of the files and name it the same way, FNIS works fine and the animation is replaced, but I'd like to be able to know what IThere is a LFR function in the game, I've used it multiple times. The raids are doable for PUG raids. You just need to know your role and how the fight works to jump in if you expect a clear. I often jump in when my guild isn't raiding (they only raid once a week) and I feel the urge to get my raid on. The raiding in this game is not nearly as demaIn my opinion, the raiding in GW2 is much easier and requires less coordination than other MMOs. It's more about learning the fight and your own role and things aren't nearly as tight as the other MMO I raided in, FFXIV. Read up on the fight, watch a video, and try joining a practice PUG and don't get mad at people who didn't do the previous steps!I can counter your arguments with some of my own. In order:  

"10 of these bosses, these maps, these mechanics..." You say that you don't want the raid team to stop what they're doing, but you want them to stop gating the content. How are they gating it? You are free to jump in to raids (as long as you have the necessary gear to do so). If these bThe front page post just reminded me of something. Why did they change the LS format to be instanced and, to me, very small instead of the huge open world events? I still think the Battle of Lion's Arch and the Clockwork Marionette was the most fun I ever had in an MMO. I did quit for most of LS S2 though, so I probably don't know everything that wThe problem with FFXIV is that it incentivizes the low level content, things that can be carried with one or two new people on the team. 4 man dungeons, for example, only need 3 people as the gear progression marches on. People only thank you for virgin tomes (the bonus for new people) if they're grinding old content to get things that require the A question about runes - I know that Rune of the Scholar, for power builds, is hands down the best way to augment your damage. But the tier 6 bonus is really had to keep up - above 90% health is pretty crazy. Is there another set of runes out there that can pump out tons of damage? In particular, thinking about a full power zerk Dardevil. Thanks foHi, so I'm coming back to the game after a long time. Here are my units: url  

What is the most optimal set of squads I can make with them? When everything is maxed out, what is the best squads I can make for Trials, GGC, Raids, and Arena, with minimum overlap? What are some units that I should get that aren't from the Summon Gate (e.g. Grah 7*)? Thanks for the help! What about Yuura, Edea and Kira? I thought at the time, Elimo + Edea was premier mitigation. Also, how do the 8* fit in? What roles do each of those good units have, and how can I construct the optimal squad that has all the needed niches covered (BB Generation, Mitigation, Damage buffs, Status cleanse, etc). I mostly don't knoSo um, I think I'm coming back to the game after a looooong absence...I think I quit around the Medina/Yuura batch. Holy crap a lot has changed for the better! Can someone tell me the important things I need to know, what the meta is, if I should pull right away, and if they have the time, look at a list of my units and tell me what I can cobble toI think a tank problem in general is that each tank just doesn't have a clear, separate identity. Think about healers. You want big big heals? WHM. You want burst? AST. You want shields? SCH. Or DPS - you want DoTs and procs? BRD. You want DoTs and pets? SMN. You want explosions and tons of damage? BLM. You want to hit shit really fast? MNK. But whHeavensward stuff is basically adding another layer on top of what you've been doing at level 60. If you need a guide, I'd recommend Hai Hai's guide:  
url  
As for a TL;DR, using an Aetherflow stack will give you a stack of another buff called Aethertrail Attunement. Once you've used your 3 stacks of Aetherflow, you can enter Dreadwyrm Trance, whiI feel like everyone is saying that you should, but not explaining why, so I'll do my best to explain why, as a SMN, you want to keep Aetherflow off cooldown.  

It boils down to all your juicy big abilities (Fester, Painflare, and eventually DWT+Deathflare) being tied to your Aetherflow. Your goal is to be taking all 3 Aetherflow stacks and converWell on the flip side, what's Riot's goal? If we bypass all the cynicism and memes, it's to make the best game they can. You can already tell they're running out of ideas - they're no longer releasing champions at the frenetic pace they used to. Now they're focused on balancing and carefully making sure the metagame evolves in a fun way. One could So on the front page of /r/leagueoflegends right now is a Febiven play - and I can't help but notice the items. Nashor's Tooth and Rylais. Before preseason both were considered suboptimal items. What changed, and why is this now the strongest way to build Azir? I don't think his soldiers proc the Nashor's on-hit ability.  
  
Also are Thunderlord'sYeah, Relic weapon is pretty much a Legendary Weapon. Raids are very easy to get in to if you're good, know your class, and have a good guild. If you're less hardcore, there's still plenty of things to do, you just won't get to the top tier If you're PUGing , prepare for a struggle. As for gearing, gearing is very much vertical progression - gear tWait you play guild wars?? Can you explain why you quit? I'm trying to find why I'm slowly disliking the expansion and I can' quite find the words.  

As for FFXIV, it's a return to a very traditional MMO style. Levelling is far less of a joy, they don't encourage exploration in nearly as fun or as much as GW2 does. Solo farming and group content aIMHO, all jumps should have a shorter animation, but invincibility frames included, like the actually FF jumps in the single player games. That way, sure you could dodge a whole bunch of wipe abilities, but it'd take a lot of skill. And either way, even if you managed to pass a mechanic that everyone else failed, you'd still die because raids/dungeSoooo I went on a very long hiatus and only now feel like coming back to the game, so I'd like to ask a LOT of questions. Any answers would be greatly appreciated!  
1. Most important: How is endgame? I'm trying to convince a friend to join in as well, and they quit right after the Queen's Pavilion. I stayed until the beginning of Season 2, so I knHow in the world is a losing team supposed to contest objectives then? Everyone keeps emphasizing how this will feed the losing team more farm, but then forgets that you can't contest Baron if you have super minions flooding your base. It's the same problem. If you have a bunch of enemy minions constantly pushing, you don't have any freedom to contSo I have problems with a lot of the primals, but most of all Titan. I just can't seem to dodge everything. It's either I get wrekt by Weight of the Land, or I get knocked off. The worst part is that it looks to me like I'm out of the AoE. Admittedly, I have a really bad computer (saving up for something I can build) and the internet isn't the greaSo in response, what would you like to see from SE? Personally for me, I think they should a) have their design team be a more creative and more willing to take risks, and b) if they want to release Story before Savage, at the very least not make grinding Story for several weeks a requirement for Savage. The best case would be to release the two veI feel like most of the people who post on this subreddit are hardcore players, so this is mainly addressed to those hardcore players.


I'd like to ask, when the Hard and Extreme versions of the Primals came out, what did you guys think? Or the Ultima fight, and Ultima's Bane trial? Because it seems like a very similar case, to me. If you guys felI'm still really confused with Miss Fortune's scaling. I mean, the big ult scaling is AP, so obviously she's not going to increase damage through that. So the only damage increase comes from leveling her ult, and Impure Shots? I'm assuming Impure Shots scales with AD (even if it does magic damage), so that way her ult indirectly scales with AD. Or I feel like this thread has 4 types of content that people are talking about, and it should be clarified what kind of "challenging group content" exists and what should be done for each size.


TL;DR Solo content is fairly well done. Add achievements to increase difficulty. Small group (5 ppl) content needs to be made better with better AI and madeTL;DR I don't like OP's post. Think rewards should not punish team, but reward individual. Rewarding improvement, is key, and difficulty is merely a measurement of improvement. Please downvote ONLY after a full read (even just out of respect, I took a while to write this)

I'm going to rant because I really don't like your post. You leave lots of hSo one of the threads on the front page ranked the new 7 stars and I'm kind of curious what the rest of you think. Sefia, Kikuri, Griel, Elimo, and Lava - who's used for what, and how are these 5 ranked? I'm pretty chapped that I don't have Lava or Kikuri, but that they're apparently the best 7 stars in the new update.

Another question regards BB 1) Hmm, I believe extra skills are always there, no matter what. You just need to fill in the requirements to activate it (usually get UBB)  
2) What kind of problems are you having with your squad? I'd rather have a BB drop rate LS (Zelnite, Feeva). As well, Spark and Crit buffs are really important. %ATK buffs are not as powerful as Spark and CriHi, I've got way too many spheres and I'm wondering which ones I should get rid of:

Goddess Seal  
Muramasa (x3)  
Angelic Foil (x5)  
Death Axe  
Prized Cloth  
Soul Spear (x2)  
Thief Bracer  
Stealth Robe  
Holy Crown  
Royal Bud (x2)  
Dragon Ring (x2)  
Demon Lance  
Limbo Stone (x2)  
Divine Spear (x2)  
Hero Stone (x2)  
Divine Stone (x3)  What should I be preparing for in future content (i.e. who should I try summoning for, which Sibyl sister(s) do I need, what upcoming units/evolutions should I be looking forward to)

These are my current units that I'm using most frequently:
Zelnite, Shera, Kuda, Rigness, Luther, Lilly Matah, Rowgen

My other RS units:
Fire: Sera, Michelle, LutherThanks! One more question about 7*s:

So I know that everything in Brave Frontier is about role. You need BB drop rate buff, crit buff, spark buff, healer, status nullifier, mitigation, etc.

So for my current squad I usually have:

Zelnite
Shera
Rigness
Kuda
Luther
Rowgen
Lilly Matah

Depending on exactly what I'm doing (e.g. for Raid's I'd be usiHi I'm debating whether or not I should join FFXIV: ARR...but I've got a few questions about combat. I've heard it's got combos and global cooldowns, but that presents a few problems. The first is with combos, won't people just spam the most powerful, longest combo chain they have access to? As well, how do global cooldowns work? Why include globalBut that's exactly what I mean by he's hard to balance. Some champions are very easy to find that sweet spot where they are balanced well. Generally I think these champs are some of the newer champs like Azir or Yasuo. Azir recently got hit with the nerfbat pretty hard, but there are a lot of levers that Riot has to put him in a better, but not bro