It's very common to the new adoption blues. I remember feeling this way for a month after we adopted our most recent cat because he is a handful and disrupted my otherwise calm household. I was like why did I just make my life more difficult? After about a month, I stopped feeling this way and he started to feel like one of the family. I still apolMy husband and I moved here a few years back and my parents (about your age) are having a house built here now as they decided to make it their place of retirement. They didn't want a retirement community either, so are going with a new development (they want zero home maintenance issues). They fell in love with all that Chattanooga has to offer anI have two cats that have the same dynamic and we are still in a months long intro process. I didn't want our new (more assertive cat) to stress out our original (more reserved cat) either, so there a few things that I have done to keep things fair. New cat gets locked out of bedrooms at night, so he doesn't take over original cats space in my bed.I would never trust a kitten on a balcony, but if you want to give him outside time there are safe ways to go about it. We had an enclosed [playpen ](url)  for our cats to use the balcony that we would wedge into the door so they would freely come and go for maybe an hr each night. They loved it and it was very safe. I posted a link from Chewy, butAssistant Principal was involved in an insurance scam which defrauded the dept of ed $10,000 per prescription (for bogus face cream). It was a complicated case, and he was eventually rehired (both him and his wife were accused so, maybe she took the fall as he was the higher earner). It happened in Hamilton county (Chattanooga), easy enough to findI got laid off due to funding, but that same school called me to cover someone's leave   
which would put me in a situation without health insurance. Sure let me risk my life and financial ruin in the name of education. That offer was really insulting. Not sure what this year hold for me, but it does not involve being in a room with 30 students durI love that some internet stranger is saying "My Wally is"...makes me miss my Grandmother. I have a very similar story to yours, but when "My Wally" was 15 minutes away after college we did an on/off thing for years until realizing that some of the things we wanted out of life didn't align. It was really hard having that person in my life from 6th To me it was the relationship before the actual "the one". The other "the one" that you still think about after you have actually found "the one." The person just lives somewhere out in the world for you to guess their life's path because it no longer includes you. My Grandmother, in her 80s, still talked about the boyfriend she had before she marrI have found that wearing a hat or scarf and band-aids on the fingers I use to pull hair helps a lot. And meds that I have taken to curb the behavior have been Wellbutrin XL (extended release) and Lamictal (off label anti-seizure med used as mood stabilizer). DM if you have any questions. Trich has plagued me, my brother and grandmother. It is def I always had a campsite visitor weekly until the update. It's now been like 2 weeks and still no campsite visitor! Has anything changed or am I just unlucky? No one has asked to leave in 2 weeks either. I really like to rotate villagers and get fresh faces on the island, so a bit disappointed. And I like the brief moment of suspense as I wait to seI was really just suggesting it to save your floors, but it’s worth a shot for a few hours at the very least. When My cat has gone outside the litter box it was because he had a urinary infection. And then he associated the litterbox with pain and went elsewhere (luckily he always went in the bathtub). Is he straining to pee or does he look hunchedI wouldn’t be surprised if this is corrected by resolving his medical issues (as has been my experience when my cat would not use his litter) and getting him neutered. Glad you have an appointment soon! If you have carpet, maybe just lock him in a bathroom during the night until seeing the vet. Those urine smells are so hard to get out of carpet. GThis is definitely a common feeling. The 1st month we had our newest cat (we think he is about 3 yrs old, but with crazy high energy), I talked about re-homing him because he was a biter (never had one that bit before) and I was almost afraid to be around him. I was thinking how my home use to be so peaceful and now I was afraid to be in my own livI taught a convicted murderer and I always found him to be charismatic, confident beyond reason and fashionable ahead of his time. With different parents and if brought up in a home with more opportunities, I really felt his leadership qualities would have taken him far. Unfortunately, his parents offered him little guidance and he murdered some onOh, that will be a great gift! I just ordered my brother beer steins with Pictures from his island for his birthday! He just got married, so it’s pictures of him and his wife in the game. 

I think your wife will love it, be sure to post. My husband doesn’t play (he is more of a Tetris person), but he thought the mug was really creative. 

Front faWhen I’m staging photos (I was making a coffee mug collage and learned a lot about what helps a photo look balanced), I drag the items that I want in the shot closer to one another and then take a zoomed in shoot. I like to do the completely straight on. I also only like to shoot on sunny days and wait for clouds to pass to keep a consistent brightWe are in the same struggle. Our cats are on a similar rotation (we also have a [mini-playpen](url) so they can at least see one another in the living room for about 30 minutes a day). And the cat that sleeps down stairs comes meowing his head off at our door at 4am. Every single day. Sometimes my husband just sleeps on the couch with the downstairFailed IVF and basically resent everyone with kids. Especially on Mother’s Day and Christmas morning. We hope to adopt, but sometimes just  seeing a pregnant woman at Target is enough to ruin my day. It’s a bitterness that I would not wish upon my worst enemy because life without a chid is not what I envisioned at my age. It’s a problem no one prep17 with a N.J. lifeguard after a fancy lifeguard banquet. I still remember the BeBe dress that I wore while we listened to the waves crash outside his apartment. For a Philly teenager, this was a beautiful story to tell your friends when senior year resumed in the Fall. And we went to each other’s proms that year! So teenage “love story” was a succAs a teacher, I'm glad to see parents prioritizing their child's education over a video game. But things are already so stressful for young people that I wouldn't want to see my students lose their Switch for 3 months if it brings them joy. 15 is really young too work, you will have the rest of your life for that. We pay a neighbor boy about your aWhat was your lovely cat's name? I may have missed it in the thread. Try to do something to honor your cat's life to help yourself heal. I found that helped me a lot when our cat died very unexpectedly/traumatically too. I designed a garden stone and commissioned someone on etsy to make it for me and we planted a shrub that blooms in the season of You are not alone. I have remind myself this is just a video game whenever I say goodbye to a villagers and send them into the void (and I usually always let them leave if they want to, so I can experience many animals). I think it has a lot to do with quarantine and my very limited interactions with people aside from my husband and 2 cats. I’m a tI need to figure out the same thing for when I return to work. I'm up most days at 4am to entertain my cat, it's a bit nuts. But he is so stinking cute, that I get with him. We thought he was much older when we got him, so didn't expect this to be an issue (last owner had dementia and did not give us the correct age). We have found that if we take I'm dealing with an unwanted 4am wake-up call from my cat too. Thanks to staying home for Covid as well. I do get up with him at 4am everyday, but I will no longer feed him. I play with him and then we fall back asleep together on the couch. It's not a perfect solution, but it keeps him from over-eating and I've now become a reluctant morning persoI too am a 4:30 am riser thanks to our newest cat. We have had him 6 months (age unknown, we think 4 yrs old) and the more he bonds with us the more he relentlessly meows in the morning and its not even for food. He wants play or cuddles. He sleeps by himself because he doesn't get along with our other cat and it was never a problem until recently We have the same issues with a cat who gets in his moods and likes to attack us and our older cat too. I now know the changes in his posture which indicate when the mood is coming about and we put in him a [playpen tent](url) for 10 minutes to calm down. We have the small size and just keep it in the living room when he needs to settle himself and I feel lucky that our newest cats loves the backpack! We take him on long walks by the river and he is in heaven. The backpack expands, so mid-way we just let him lay down and chill to watch nature. When we get home and open the backpack, it takes him like 5 minutes to even care enough to exit. This cat tolerates (actually enjoys) anything, never hIt's golf carts as far as the eye can see. My husband's Grandmother spend her last years there and had several younger boyfriend's over the years at that place. They had some good night life in the "downtown" for seniors. I remember she liked to go dancing at this place called [Katie Belles](url) which I am now bummed to read is shutting down pWe adopted one like you describe and when my husband is out of town, this cat drains all my energy. Some cats are a two person job. I don't think people understand the neediness of some cats. I get up at 5am everyday to entertain this cat! He always seems happiest when people visit because he has extra attention. We just try to do things to tire hiI would take him to the vet and risk the drive. We had one die at home with breathing issues which turned into seizures, blindness, loss of bowels. It was a horrific thing to watch and not a quick ordeal. Confine your cat to a bathroom, if it dies at home to minimize soiling of floors, etc. Our cat got really aggressive when the seizures started. SThey will probably miss playing with one another, but I don't think they will miss one another in the sense that we miss someone. If they are both going to be in loving homes then I don't think there is any reason to feel bad. Might they see each other for holidays?  And given that this is quarantine time, it might not be the best time for your broHe is probably just more confident in his environment now and doesn't need as much reassurance. I think it is a sign that he really likes his home. I don't think the eye drops had anything to do with it. I've given our cats many eye or ear meds over the years and it never made a difference in their personality. Sometimes they just go through phasesSounds normal to me. My littermates occasionally played a little too rough (at all ages) and I'd have to intervene. But when they get older, intervening can lead to you getting bit or scratched. I always just clapped loudly to get them to stop. Or a tin can filled with some pennies creates enough noise to stop them. But if that one toy is causing mJust curious how do you handle 3 that don't get along? Do they just fight it out or do they all have their own sections of the house?

We have 2 that dont get along (same reasons as OP described, age and temperament differences) and one essentially has the upper floor of the house and the other the lower. Luckily we have Jack-n-Jill bathroom that cIs there a favorite treat this cat prefers that you can reward it with for positive interactions? If that cat gets an aggressive look, before it escalates put it in a time out (like a bathroom for 10-15 minutes to calm down) to avoid a negative interaction. We have a cat that gets a little aggressive from time to time and we put him in a little encWe went through this last about 1.5 years ago and now again with both of our jobs. I find it is best to not bring it up unless he initiates the conversation. Like don't ask for a run down of things he did (didn't do) to look for a job on a given day. We actually moved after job loss to a city that we actually loved and was more affordable. We had pI let them roam and just tell them that I will be checking to see if any villagers are giving out a DIY, so they don't feel like I'm hovering. I find that annoying. Other than pick flowers, I don't see any real damage that can be done and flowers grow back. Besides, there is limit on how many they can carry. I have so many flowers that it would barYes, I am under contract. The email simply said, in the last sentence of a paragraph:

" Additionally, employee pay will be frozen until we have more clarity around revenues."

This was sent out by the school board and not yet addressed by the principal. I think it might be because they are debating whether or not to honor our raise which was passeI am across the pond in a little town in TN, it's almost 2am and I am desperately worried about the state of your emotional well being. You are experiencing shock, please lean on whoever you can right now. Down the road, when the waves of pains widen there will be space that opens up once again for happiness. Give your self grace to experience the I followed Isabelle’s suggestions each day to get to 5 stars. My homes are very spread across the island and I decorated around the homes based on my villagers personalities. Like the jock has a gym and the snotty horse has a cliff side vineyard. Then I gradually added paths to connect everything and did some minor terraforming to enhance some featWe have every issue you described with our cat (adopted him a few months back and he is about 4-6 years old), while retraining him not to bite we used this [time out tent](url) for when he gets bitey so he can calm down. It has helped a lot! It is small enough to leave up in our living room and when we notice play aggressive that looks like it willIt pops into my head every so often, but I know I have recovered from previous cat losses and then went on to give another kitty a good home who then brought new joy into my life. We lost a cat a few months ago very unexpectedly at 9 to a brain tumor and a week later we adopted a spunky/silly little boy whose owner went into a nursing home with demOk, I literally had the same experience with a cat I had adopted around Thanksgiving. I'm not a new cat owner, but I actually became scared of this cat and thought about re-homing. Anyway, same as your story, Bandit was the sweetest and most affectionate cat week 1 and then exhibited the exact attacking behavior you describe starting week 2. ThoughYeah, my position just got got cut because of the strain of c-19 on the budget. I was a temp hire for a newly created position, so bye-bye what little money I did make. Today was a bummer on top of all that already sucks. I’m just trying to put on a happy face for virtual classes tomorrow. I hope that the state shuts down virtual class because I’m I’ve gotten like 6% of assignments turned in. The reality is no one is really held accountable and even the work we are doing as teachers means nothing (evaluation wise). It’s basically extra work because at the stat level it is not required. And we were told we might be instructed by the state to stop giving work like other districts. Yes, please.I would be a little sad too, we obviously all adopt pets to interact with them. But some cats just take a little more patience to get there. But I would continue to give treats, sit on the floor and talk in a peaceful tone to her, and let her smell your hand. Not sure why people on here felt the need to personally attack you when you expressing youWhen we were dealing with this issue, I bought protective mattress covers so no urine could leak through to the mattress. A waterproof queen cover is about $40 on Amazon. I still keep them on my beds just in case. Our issue turned out to be crystals which were causing him pain to urinate. Once we addressed the health issue then he went back to the Sounds like you are very prepared! It’s so hard to not want to cuddle them, but I remind myself “the less I go to them, the more the come to me later.” Like the other reply said, just sit at their level and calmly talk to them. Let them make friends with you on their own terms, even if it’s at a snails pace they will end up trusting you most. Wish Yeah, we had a similar issue. We were going out of town for a wedding, so I didn't food shop for a week prior. And while we were at the wedding, all this happened so suddenly. I'm just glad my brother didn't have to cancel his wedding, if it were one week later he would have had to. Aldi did at least have my favorite Lobster Mac and Cheese yesterdaYes! I was like what did I do to my peaceful, quiet life. Now I really enjoy our little rambunctious guy bouncing around the house. We do have a time-out tent set up for him in the living room because he has such a high interest food that is can be dangerous to cook with him. Turn your back for a second and I'm around he would fling himself into a Don't feel bad, I had regret about our newest cat the first few weeks we had him because he started biting about a week in. I didn't like living in fear of a 12lb cat, who would randomly attack and then be super loving the next minute. I've had cats all my life, but never one who would bite. Well, about a month in we bonded and we retrained him notI’ve had 5 cats over my life time and two would yowl the cries of death if they were locked out (so they slept with us). Our less needy cats were happy with a fleece blanket on the couch or cat tower. Just depends on the cat. But, I think kittens are going to have a harder time in general. I had a female cat who preferred to sleep on her own once sI don’t know what means because my cat does that too, but then promptly falls over to have his belly rubbed. But belly rubs usually lead to play biting, so we try to not do that. Sometimes the butt in the air also means he wants to play...but he is an usually playful 8 year old cat, so almost everything leads to play. Not sure what other cats do afI have a feet biter too and I just started wearing a boot like slippers around the house to save my feet as we retrain him (he was adopted at 8 yr old, so behaviors are more challenging to change than an 8 month old cat...you should have more luck). He doesn’t sleep in our room either, but remains super affectionate during the day. I don’t think yoOur cat was yowling a lot after his sister died. I don't think he missed her the way we do, but he seemed like his routine was just all out of sorts. He didn't have someone to groom or play with any longer throughout the day. My husband works at home, so its not like the cat was suddenly alone all day. We adopted another cat to give him company, buI think once you remove her from the stressful situation and she adjusts to a new home then the anger with dissipate. She is probably just aggressive because her territory was taken over, but if you give her new territory without competition then I assume she will be fine. I cannot see putting down a cat for displaying natural behavior. Good luck aI planted in small tree in my cats honor. It’s blooms in the fall, when she died. And I had a small garden stone made to put near it. Pet loss is never easy. A week later we adopted a new cat. We have only had him a few months, but we are already so bonded. So I understand how even a new family member can be equally difficult to that of long owned I watched most of "Rocketman" (originallly thought it the Elton John bio pic), and I don't recall him having any kids. He just seemed like a very lonely, sad man with an obession. He did have a cat whom he loved dearly (who was already deceased and Mike cried when sharing his picture) and I hope they are reunited. He actually cared for a lot of catWe have a cat who has been doing this off and on for years too (usually in the bathtub, but sometimes the floor next to the litter box too for no medical reasons either) and we tried all the things you mentioned. Nothing really made any difference. I think he might just be really sensitive to odors, so we do a complete litter change once a month (rI hold on to these “words of wisdom” to recycle when I am doing my post-observations conferences and end of year evaluations with admin. 
       Such as: “At a meeting it was said -insert word of wisdom-, so I have been doing x, y and z to work towards that expectation and it has improved -insert a classroom concern-“. 

I like to keep a low profil