I thought you were gonna say that's silly, you have to fix it. Are you sure I don't have to have these fog lights fixed? They're pushed into the sockets... Damn I really like this ugly v6 camry. Also, since it was located 9 miles away, can I drive it to them and find something else on the spot or do I have to schedule pick up?
I can just wait and cIt's so easy if you work for in store grocery Amazon shopper... Id just go to the bathroom, sneak hits, then go out and work fast. Being high and around a bunch of snacks made me work better. Makes you unaware of time and it actually goes by quicker. 

Unfortunately I got fired because I got caught smoking outside, and some dude happened to just raYeah these "exotic" brands are a bit sketch to me. I mean, they look great, doesn't mean they're anymore superior to most quality brands with average prices.
Just labeling something as an "exotic" is a bit ridiculous.

They usually aren't superior in thc %. Sure it may look mega frosty, but I read it has something to do with how tall the trichomes Since thc distillate is already activated, meaning, when ingested it converts to 11 hydroxy.
Can you build up stuff in the water, and then drink it or does the water not accumulate any oil at all?

I do notice if I use carts alone, sometimes stuff comes out through the tips (depending on brand) I'd sometimes taste it, so I assume it could be possibYeah because full spectrum, or cbd flower has "trace amounts"... Of thc.

What I'm wondering is, what would be the difference in smoking cbd flower, and one puff of the top shelf thc, or small baby puff of concentrate?
In my personal opinion, I didn't notice anything. This was also from a long period of abstinence.

When I came back from Cali to a Yeah but I always assumed it was due to the low amounts of thc.
Cbd flower nowadays reminds me of when I used to smoke shwag weed (seeds/ herm) 10 years ago. If anything, it's better. Way better.
I remember a long time ago before weed was recreationally legal, dispensaries actually sold very weak shwag. Like an ounce for $50, 10 years ago.

I rememThcv, people starting to see this loophole so technically stuff has over 0.3%. They need to globally legalize cannabis already.

If people truly want cbd, they would smoke isolate. Cbd flower is basically decaf coffee. Cbd alone for me does nothing. Let's be honest on why we smoke cbd flower. It does give some effect... Ever so slightly, but some sA tree as in, another weed seed? Idk, that seems pretty selfish cause they'll just make more money for the harvest.

Jk I know what you meant. They do both regardless though. I want true conscious cannabis. Globally legal, and can grow your own, wherever and however you want without the need of business.

It's just ironic to me, how weed makes you Adding to my reply? Oh no, is it better I reply 10 times, 10 sentences?

Oh no guys I ADDED to a reply, not cut or edited out my words. Oh no I'm so bad!!!!

Boo hoo lmao so full of rage. I love fucking with dumbasses.

(adding to my reply, yes I did)


I did indeed

I'll do it again right this moment

To seem legit

See I did it, oh no I'm so horrLol. Why you so mad? It looks weak, like cbd.  I'll say it as many times till you cry and slur random insults like a child. Why so butt hurt lmao.

It's my own comment, who else has the right to defend my own comment? Such ignorance

OK, I'll just say, it looks like WEAK WEED. Let the rage reply begin. I can see you slamming your fat fingers right So how many days total? Usually my rule, is if it's past 10 days and nothing, no tracking either, it probably got mixed up. Probably not even sent if no response.

Just wait until you get a response. Give the guy 5 more days, check his history if he is in fact active and ignoring you.

You don't wanna burn bridges with people you buy from trust me.Thanks. So it just goes back to the bank. 

Good to know, because say someone purchased the vehicle or i wanted a different one, or the price changed. 

I'm not gonna be held liable for financing the cost of what I applied for, even if the vehicle price was less. Ie financing 11k that I applied, when the vehicle  was 8 or lower. 

Got it, that's thYeah sorry man. Seems others understood fairly easily. 

As I said I'm new to this, financing through banks, so I don't know how to phrase it properly. 

"does that 2k kind of sit there?" did I say anything about keeping it? 

I never mentioned Keeping the money. Why mention, pocket the money, as I said on my previous reply to your previous commentI never mentioned extra money I want to have.. Making it sound like I plan to keep the money which is impossible. 

I mentioned if I wasn't sure about the exact car price I wanted? For example, I see a 10k car, but then I see a 9k car, but trying to get pre approved, am I not allowed to apply 10k just in case?

If I apply 9k, then decide for a 10-1There is, on YouTube a 30 min leak. You play as Abby, crouching and finding ellie, you punch her, then choke her, but ellie stabs you in the hamstring or so then she escapes.

You then continue to play cat and mouse, and eventually, ellie out smarts her. There's even a voice that says "we could have killed you" ellie says some shit Joel would say, Yeah, also I'm at Houston TX. Highways everywhere, honest I only been driving 3 years. I noticed my friends Apple phone would tell me which lane to stay on too, and Google maps doesn't do that.

What I want is it to tell me
1) more detailed "ie. 2nd stop light turn right"
Then after
2) stay in far left lane etc, since Houston has like 3-4 one lanesI mean the way I see it, just imo, maybe that  person took it too far as to harass the cops, then of course if everyone steps in, the cops don't wanna look bad. Maybe she spit or something, said some triggered words. You know how sensitive cops are...

When you have a crowed to back you up though, cops better let em go.

However, new Zealand, or whThat's no conspiracy, it's just the pizza slices aren't left overs.
For example they serve a dude some slices or so, and now some other customer orders a full pie. They fill in the remainder of the empty parts of the  pie, that they served to the last guy.
So technically it's ok. I could be wrong. I hear a lot of shit about that.

Lucky it isn't a You get anxiety from cbd? What about cbd alone?

You might be using "full spectrum" without knowing... What exact product, vape or tincture? I have had full spectrum tinctures that apparently had 2mg thc Per full squirt, and I took like 3 my first time.

Turned out to be true, was like an edible but less warm cozy feel. Felt more cold and anxious tYeah it's all of the above, including whites and blacks.


I didn't make the video, didn't say they're all white, clearly you see some black people go inside, who's not to say they're part of some radical group either, who knows.

The point of this video is that it's just plain wrong to do that. All it takes is one violent group to break a window, Is what true? I'm talking about hired government officials and or  Atifa, white supremists posing as Atifa? Why are you attacking me as if you knew it was a set up?

Or did you not watch the video? If you're referring to the riot, no shit it's real, but that's what I'm not referring to.

Maybe Learn to type better sentences and not be so vague. IdiSorry, didn't mean to blame far right wing. That's my bad. 

Left wing EXTREMISTS and POSSIBLY Agent Provocateurs, and or white supremacists even, posing to cause more race war? Again this is just IMO

"An agent provocateur may be a police officer or a secret agent of police who encourages suspects to carry out a crime under conditions where evidenYeah you're right my bad. Still, they're the ones that flipped the peaceful protest.. It's gonna started a race war more hate between white and black. The looters may have mostly been black, but the ones who opened the gates for them, it's hard to identify their skin color. Only in this video you can see, they're all white. Well 10 out of 11. I betHire less far right wing police officers, background checks of where they grew up. Lol jk.

I agree with this but, one cop was just trying to block the people recording from going in. I just thought he was doing is job, not really "involved" in the killing. The fat Asian guy. Just imo though. Not saying he shouldn't get Big charges like the rest, mCbd infused cbd cbd. Just joking man, thanks for being a good sport👌

What I'd like to see, are full spectrum distillate CBD SYRINGES that you can fill your own vape cart/pods with. I can't find any. I wanna be able to make my own flavors, without doing the cbd shatter + heated terp method where it becomes all dark and grainy.

If you can do this aTypical response expected lol to go through someone's history, and then talk shit about it. Mental issues or not. If you get offended due to your stupidity as to just start talking shit, out of topic, then just block people. I'll do it for the both of us. 

Please don't make another account just to message me. It's pathetic when people do that.

AlOk, you're right. I just assumed all distilled thc, live resin or not, removed any types of fats, lipids. That's the only thing confusing me. I guess I was wrong, but can you enlighten me more on the process. Just so I understand better in detail. That way I can even explain.

Because I  prefer raw garden over any distillate vape pen there is. I'm Huh?

I know distillate is a secondary process. Did you not see that it said BHO extracted? Of course the butane hash oil is removed but it's a cheap process for a pricey live resin product.

You seem angry for a guy who even uses cannabis, and has some childish way of using words.
You obviously need more. Maybe some that doesn't involve BHO methodLol Idk I never heard someone say bho is better than c02 or distillate, plus this particular thing IS BHO distillate technically


I believe I'm getting down voted because I'm speaking truth nobody wants to believe, plus the Pic is gone.

BHO liquid live resin, no ty lmao... No offense to the company. I've tried many many brands in LA, but this oneIt's going away, slightly better , but I think the reason is because I'm now taking full spec cbd oil. I can't source I don't think but it's the #1oil, started by the letter L... If you still don't know msg me.

Unfortunately it does have thc, but VERY VERY small amounts per ML (ingested) around 2+mg per squeeze. I try to keep it 3 ML a day. It's nLife is a risk though is where I'm getting at. Sure anyone can mask themselves with anxiety stuff or whatever, but just a question, what would you do if suddenly cbd was banned everywhere, and you had zero access? Would you panic and try to get some illegally? Not trying to come off like an ass, just making a point.

Everyone has anxiety, if cbd heIts like arguing with a teen. Why even bother. Take a t break from your 1mg thc. My point is your wording is so confusing...

"I get the bottles that don't say thc free on them aren't thc free".
......
...

OH REALLY???????

I'm saying, That's Why You Notice Something. Because IT isn't thc free dumbass

"I obviously get a little high"


NO REALLLLYI got confused. You said "I do get a little high" all im saying to that, is because they're may be a small amount of thc that you aren't used to really feeling.

Then again I'm no doctor, maybe it really is just cbd. Legally anything under 0.3% thc or so, can still be claimed thc free

Like you said "thc free isn't literally thc free. You're correcConsume only what you need man. You can be slightly dependant on anything PSYCHOLOGICALLY... Like trying to find your mom at the mall when your 5 yr.

Or trying to wait for some shit in the mail, and usps said it never shipped but your shipper, definitely shipped it.

Pure psychological. To manage your anxiety better, idk what dose or regimine yourWell because it has a little thc in it. In combo with the large amount of other cannabinoids, they work a little better together, making you more calmer.

Full spectrum vape and flower, feels like your smoking 80s weed (barely high) but way calmer, with no red eyes.

Some cbd definitely ups my appetite like no other, and helps me sleep and stay aslIt says distilled cbd oil... That shit must be expensive. Distilled oil is also stronger, also assuming it's full spectrum. Is it whole flower extracted oil? Where can I find this, cause you may be able to vape it.

Liberty cbd is also one of the only cbd brands I found to work in terms of vape or oil.

I'll give this a try. Any other brands recommGoogle it, it's not as easy as other pods like gpen gio, stiiizy and pnp... You can rip off the top easily while pressing the side clips using a thin poker object.

Or you can get a blunt tip syringe and just stick it through the rubber part inside. It isn't difficult at all. 

If you still can't, Bite off the top and try to pry it open that way. INot bad. My issue with pax is, sometimes One side or the pod, doesn't fully empty. They never really do. I've had to open almost every pax pod I had (when I used to favor them) till I switched to plug n play.

I'd have to open the pax pod, and inside are 2 cotton pads and a coil. You'd be surprised how much is in there, that you can EAT. (I do not No, not buddies, the only one I'm aware of being true full live resin, is friendly farms. The weaker the thc usually means it's 100% live resin.

But who gives a shit. Too many people hate on distillates... Raw Gardens isn't really bad at all. The only distillates I hate, are the ones that taste like fruity perfumes, like "happy Stix" it's so damn Does anyone know why nobody partners with plug N play pods? I mean, I know just like stiiizy, they make their own, and only their own, but pnp literally only has like, what 5-7 flavors? Also no live resin? It's sad because it's the hardest hitting pod/battery I've ever had.

Meanwhile stiiizy already has 5000 shits, and live resin, but hits like shNo way they teamed with pax? Fuck, I left Cali and I was hoping they do it.. I can't go back home atm lol.

I know they partnered with gpen gio (but imo it sucks)

Pax battery is OK, I wouldn't say it's the best. 

PLUG N PLAY needs some other company oils, not just their own... Now that, I'd love to see. PnP raw gardens...

For those wondering whyRaw gardens is great, but just find any cart that says "live resin".. Idk what they got there. Moxie, friendly farms, the farmacy, tree base killer (?)

Most carts are switching to live resin anyways, just find similar shit... Doesn't have to be "raw gardens". In the end, brand is just a brand. You get what you pay for though, don't buy cheap priceLol I heard of ppl hitting carts out of bongs now... The whole point is on the go.

Invest in a E dab (perfect constant temp) buy 1g raw garden sauce for $30-35 (half the cost or so of a 1g cart)

Not only does it taste better, but it's the most efficient way honestly. Hitting a cart out of a bong, to me id never do that. It almost defeats the purpThe battery 20, pod 60. The main cool thing is the oil is smooth and the airflow is so good that you won't realize how big a hit youre getting.

The guy who even works for plug n play, made a vid with thisisYola (stiiizy guy) and the plug n plays destroyed them both that the plug n play guy even quit lmao.... He was pale..

It's worth it. I'm not sSomehow I feel Stiiizy underage kids are down voting lol. Stiiizy is only popular because it got its name out...

Plug n play was honestly always far superior in battery and oil potency, and airflow is important . Then again maybe it's because nobody can get their hands on it. Only Stiiizy since it's ALL Over Cali. Even teens have em. Lmao

U can aYeah it would probably end war. People will be using guns to shoot tips of blunts just to smoke em, ppl will be using bombs, to bomb crops only to create the biggest hot box in history, purposely. Imagine.... Too bad that will never happen.

Weed would be close to free in price.
. Imagine if we turn vegan too, save all the animals. Oh no.... Is thaYeah state, excempt and sales tax. You're is 30% as well? Damn how much is wholesale price lol...

I bet wholesale 0.5 gram carts are $30 lmao. Jk I know Illinois prices will go down soon.

70 half g tho? Is that because it's a concentrate and Illinois doesn't really know how potent concentrates are?

I can only assume that's why... How about edibl60 isn't that bad for quality, if it's exotic it makes sense for shit to range 60-80

(exotic aka connected, cookies shit like that gmo)

U can get 25 eighths idk if I can say the brands, they're in licensed dispensaries, they are much stronger too.

I would only pay 60+ an eighth if I was looking for that sweet flavor from flowers.

I rather pay 2Mmm I see.. How's your tolerance? I used to buy shit every day even combine with edibles. I was too dumb to realize I wasn't getting high sipping a cart a day, I spent so much man I beat myself up over it, cause #1 I can't financially support 24/7 High.

I can make my 1g carts last one week now. It's worth it to taper, and then only go hard when yoI love oil pens too, but other way around for me. I'm stuck sipping on pens but I prefer flower.

Sure flower isn't as potent, but the smell, relaxing outside, the taste, repeatedly looking at the nugs are satisfying.

If I sip an oil, its just oil. Live resin or not it still goes through the process.

If you want something that hits harder, live rWho said thc % doesn't matter? Lol... So if I smoked 1% thc, would I get as high as top shelf? No...

Then again, nowadays, flower is expensive because of GMO weed in jars, 30% thc...

But it's not hard to tell when you have top shelf or not. Example

A jar of say "connected /runtz" only like 26% thc but it's like 65-70 an eighth... That's insane.
I mean I've been told I've looked Mexican, half white but I'm full Asian Filipino, and the only Armenians that look mean to me when I say hi, are men or old Old ladies.

The women though smile back and I'll say, some don't look bad. I'm cool with the bakery chicks

OK about "anger" but what does it have to do with a ethnicity, or group of people? NI knew there was something racist... Now I'm from Los Angeles, then moved to TX for a bit, came back but to Glendale temporarily.

You're right about the racism history with Armenians. Now, my neighbors are almost all Armenian, but there are Asian and Indian.

I'm not Mexican, people tell me I do look Mexican, but I'm Filipino full blood Asian. It'Glendale does suck. Originally I was from echo Park, it's not the best but it's better.... Way better.

I know your point. My point wasn't that I wanted to walk around with a bong or joint, I just wanna hit out my window without being paranoid. Helicopters constantly like, trying to snapshot smoke come out of my house... Probably to end up busting Does anyone think that he's just some guy, making his own "origin" story of the Joker? That guy, named Arthur is the narrator the whole time, but this shit never even happened. He was just a huge.... fan? 

Lmao. I did read Todd's tweet though, that the movie was kinda directed toward the censorship of "comedy" what we can and cannot say. Just likeLol for me, when I sweat for no reason, I sweat more for the fact that I'm sweating for no reason and people notice it's a endless loop.

The reason I do care about this is because them now obviously people know, or may thing I'm back on opiates which I'm not and family knows how I act.

I was sweating and they got concerned I was using again but IYeah but, I replaced opiates with weed. Opiates made me sweat.

Edibles didn't start making me sweat till just 1 month after daily use. I notice I can almost recreate an endorphin like feel.

Do you think it's possible I'm like, able to do that shit mentally? Does weed do anything to endorphins? Like maybe rebuild them if depleted such as dopamine Verified pods, they are made and distributed to both black and white. Not saying they aren't legit, I assume your pod packs don't have a 2nd test sticker. If it did, prob imported and clean

If not, probably bought wholesale somehow (companies buy them and sell a bunch wholesale if a person has some license in a legal state)

Though pax is Hard to SOME times. It's expensive cause it's complicated. Open the pod and you'll see... It's decent but some pods I opened, I knew why they weren't able to draw well such as a crappy wick, strange burnt grains, uneven burning etc... Imo the Gpen could be better, if only the little heating metal thing were longer. The wick thing is ultra short, that to maIf you feel it helps, it helps, but there's no doubt that if you get in an accident or hurt someone...

They find thc in your body, that's not just a bad image for you, that's a bad image for Mary Jane.

If your high, have something drive you. If you can afford bud, you can afford Lyft.

People sometimes let their ego get in the way, and they stop 