For best results. When you start your grow, get a veg nute, and a flower nute. Use Veg nute once every 3rd or 4th watering. Only water when dry.  Continue using it 3 weeks into flower and switch to the Flower nute you picked out at beginning. Use the same schedule with the new nute mix. PH everything you pour on your plant to your chosen medium. Haits the pH that causes the def. Our plants can only get their nutrients in a narrow range, 6 to7 in soil. Some nutrients a plant can get in the lower pH range, others are picked up in the higher part of the range. If you feed outside the range, she cant get it.  You could be feeding your plant nutes but because it isnt in correct range she cant getNo offense taken, just discussion, idea transfer, help...

PHing to about 6.5 is accurate but misleading. Its a good average but bad daily target.  macro and micro nutrients are picked up in the 6 to 7 range. Some in the upper part some in the lower part of the range. If you stick at 6.5 you miss both the highs and the lows, but right "average". 

 R. O. water at a Ph of 6,5-7 

&amp;#x200B;

If you use RO water, you need to replace what the filters remove. 

Use the whole soil ph range 6 to 7, always vary, always use the whole range. (not just 6.5 to 7)

coco does not protect against disease or pests, so no. dont add. 

Cant see any plants so assuming seedlings, dont over water. Dont feed tno, you cant. Cannabis has a veg period where it mostly increases in size. This happens at 14 hours or more so of light in a day.  The second phase is flower, when hours of light are closer to 12 the plant flowers and creates buds.  In dark periods the environment must remain dark the entire time, no background light (its why people grow in tents iAs soon as flower hits plants go through "the stretch" its where the plant is going into exponential growth for about 3 weeks.  (IMO)This is the most important time they need to be fed. I stick to my veg nute for the first full 3 weeks into flower to feed that stretch. Then i switch over to Flower nute. Jacks 20-20-20 in veg, Jacks Blossom Booster Could be something in roots. Last season, 2 weeks to harvest my Pineapple Express started doing this. I started slowly harvesting as branches showed the same signs, limp, lifeless. Branches off the same part of the trunk continued to die off for the next month. I was close enough to harvest it wasnt a loss. It moved to one other trunk off shoot butI live and grow in Southern California, Im not qualified to answer that. Ask me how to grow in 100 degree heat, or dry at 90\* and 7% humidity,  im good at that. ;) 

I would guess that the physical labor of moving or covering everyday at the same time will be near impossible to accomplish. Its not one day or one week, its everyday at the same timeIt looks like you may have some powdery mildew going on

Looks like insect damage white dots on leaves

looks Cal deficient

What are you using to pH? pen? drops? strips?  You have to vary pH all over the range for your medium, soil. 6 to 7, use the whole range, always vary. 

I think you are ok on the heat thing. All the rest should be worked on fIts simple. For watering, only water when dry.

If using tap water (pHed) and soil there is plenty of Cal and Mag already in it. no need to add. 

Pick a veg nute, use 3/4 strength every 3rd or 4th time you water.  Pick a flower nute, same schedule. 

Always pH everything you pour on your plant, always vary pH the whole range for your medium.  

HaYou need to reduce pH of your tap water to use it. Get it down to 6.8 to 7, next time dry,  never go out of the range for your medium (assuming soil so 6 to 7). Then when dry go lower, always vary. Unless you have really large pots with soil to buffer you have to pH. Use the whole range and always vary. Water 3 times, then feed, they dont need too If its in the bucket and pHed...why not just pour out of the bucket? Eliminate un-needed  watering can. I use 4, five gallon buckets to water 6 plants in 20 gal fabric pots. Fill after use to gas off chlorine and they are ready for next water. I also have considered the sink idea you have...lift it and gravity feed with hose. Not a good idea to eliIf in soil... Probably feeding more than they need. I find that my plants are very happy the way i treat them. Grow fast, good color, strong. No issues. I chose the schedule from decades of trial and error. There was a time i planted seeds and let the lawn sprinklers water the entire season.  Last year i did water, water, feed. This year they look For me, hard to say. I had several plants heavily foxtail and reveg a few years ago. Turns out my neighbor was working behind his garage after work into the night for a month. Had his rear porch lite on every night. Im 99% sure that was the cause of plant problems. I put up sheets of plywood behind the plants to block light.  Depends how bright andCorrect, a gallon of water thru 10's probably wont give any run off. Im not getting runoff in soil in 20's and pouring 2 gallons over them. Its 90-100\* daily at my grow and im watering about every 3rd day. I pH going in and dont worry too much about runoff pH. If you have good pH going in it should be fine. I can see a little issue on lower leaf uPot plants are only going to get their nutrients in that 6-7 range. If in soil and in ground or large pots some people with decent water can get away w/o pHing. Soil has ability to buffer. It requires a pretty good soil and decent water to start with. Water quality across the world is different every where, thats why i always suggest to pH and elimCoffee grounds arnt really a fertilizer and require more effort to be effective.

 Coffee grounds vary in pH value, depending upon whether you’ve brewed them. According to Science Daily, brewed coffee grounds typically possess a pH level that measures between 6.5 and 6.8, which fits into the preferred soil pH levels for most plants. Adding a 1/2-inMaybe sun bleach. Im always open to learning more.  I think we should listen to  OP. See where his pH numbers are, grow medium, how long plant has been outdoors in the sun...His pic was just one leaf, but can see more of the same...down below. Ive grown outdoors for over 20 years, I have never seen sun bleach leaves like this. It might be sun bleacDid you look at my link? see OP's pic and compare? Looks very, very similar, but i cant tell if its an upper leave pic.  The other common issue that i thought it may be is pH imbalance,  [url](url) 

Either way the correct response is the same to both issues, fix pH.  Correcting pH will never mess up a grow, only improve it.  So it should fix our gWhen you add compost to peat or coco many say to treat as soil. The bottom line is watch your plant, react to her. If its not happy, adjust. It isnt good practice IMO to only water at a single ph (6.5). Plants need a range to get everything they need. I always vary, always use the whole range, never a pH issue. Always pH last after adding nutes if With megacrop and quality pH tools plus 5.8 to 6.2, doing all the right things. Everything *should* be good. And it isnt. The only suggestions i have is to check runoff. And make a pH adjustment based on that reading. If its high go all the way down to 5.5. If low then up to 6.5. 

You could do a full flush and a 50% megacrop feed. 

Leaves wont reYes, the whole grow is a process. I dont do a bunch "ripenrers" "weight gainers".... my plants do that on their own. I use a single veg nute once a week for veg and 3 weeks into flower i discontinue the veg nute replace with a flower nute, still once a week. I add growers recharge once a month all grow. Thats it. I average a little over a  lb per pPH is your problem friend.  Invest in a decent pH pen. Based on your girls looks, its required. That is the cause of the brown damage on yellow leaves. Are you adding anything else to feed? Personally i dont like pre-nuted soils because i dont want to feed on top of them. I think if you get pH corrected and water all over the 6 to 7 range you will  I figure with the powders I’m guaranteed five calibrations for 11 bucks. But how many calibrations do you think I could get out of 8 oz of each liquid solution? How much liquid is actually needed? Just covering the capsule right? 

I understand it exactly like you called it. Close call. I rarely need to calibrate more than 2 times per season. I doThey like light. They like warm days and dark nights...long walks on the beach in moonlight. 

They like a little feed every once in a while and different food depending on veg or flower, no need for cloth napkins and candlelight.

 They like their water in a small defined pH range full of micronutrients tuned to their home medium. 

You take care Most tap water is over 7ph and soil range for cannabis is 6 to 7, my Tap is 8.4. pH down solves the issue and plants are happy. If it was me, Id buy one, a pH meter hands down is one of your best tools. Your plant looks pretty good, the soil is doing what it can, ph imbalance is slight but worth fixing. As you get into flower its more important andIf you are in soil and using tap water, you are wasting time and $ with cal mag. It is not needed. When plants are in ground the soil acts as a buffer to assist in pH. In pots, less soil, less buffer. Are you pHing your water? Instead of throwing more "stuff" in your plant, correct pH. Simple growing.

A regular conservative feed schedule works welGood call on a a nice ph pen. There is little N in bloom food so the yellowing isnt odd. I feed veg nutes 3 weeks into flower, then switch to bloom nute. As far as pH, im a big believer in using the whole range and to vary pH. Ill use 6.1 one day and when dry go up to 6.8 or 6.9, then back lower always vary. I believe it keeps my plants happy as i Sorry, no. I wasnt clear.

Plants work on a light cycle. If 14 hours of light your plant will veg, grow in size. Once hours of light slowly get down to 12 your plant will switch to flower. Either she was out too early in the spring and started flower or if your plant gets supplemental light (like from porch or back yard lights) she will be confusedim thinking its partly because of the medium mixture. It gets confusing. Soil/compost is watered 6 to 7, coco is 5.5 to 6.5. You mixed those two together. As i understand it when you mix coco with compost you treat as a soil...so 6 to 7. When dry, use pH 6.8 or 6.9, next time dry go low 6.1, 6.2. Always vary pH in the correct safe zone for your medDepending on your medium....

If you can create a "super soil" you can probably water out of the hose and not have pH issues. Most however dont know how to do this. Its simpler to just learn to pH.  You have coco/peat in your mix, that isnt going to create a "soil buffer". You need to pH. 

If you stick to one ph level the plant can still have pH iIts not really misleading because very few people have tap water that works, or any water that works by itself (distilled). You may be able to use your tap and you have good  soil that will buffer your water well but you are in a very small minority. That crowd understands, they have experience. Beginners all need to learn to pH, even if by learninThats not too many leaves going yellow, rest of plant looks healthy. Check pH, if you are pHing for soil, 6 to 7 and feeding its all you should need to do. Rainwater is often lower than 6. If not between 6 and 7 its hard for the plant to get to the nutes provided. This may be the reason for a little extra yellowing.  Dont feed too much or too oftenThe miracle grow soil says right on the front label, "Feeds for 3 Months"

I wouldnt feed it for a while.

Plants dont like filtered water, it filters out the micro nutrients it needs. If you filter, you have to add back. If you use pHed tap water you would be better off. PH to 6 to 7 and use the whole range. When dry water low, 6.2 then next time I'll try english.

It looks like it is calcium deficient. Calcium is a necessary micronutrient. The plant can only get its calcium when the water is at least 6.2 pH.  Adding more calcium isnt the right answer. Fixing pH is the right answer. That way everything works. The calcium you need is already in the water (assuming tap water) and soil, the plI just use my regular water buckets, line them up (four, 5 gallon buckets) fill with water, sit for a day. I use diluted sulfuric acid (battery acid) for pH down.  A $17 bottle lasts me years. I pour about 1/2 cup of diluted mix into each bucket, pH and im ready to water. Refill buckets for next time. Takes like a minute for 12-16 gallons. Dont oveA few things...

7 is too high, you have to vary your pH over the entire 6 to 7 range, always vary. Always pH everything you pour on your plant. Go low 6 next time she is dry. 

Your concern is N deficiency and considering moving to bloom nute? Why, bloom nutes have reduced N, doesnt make sense to me. Did i miss something? 

Its best to have a goodPlants pick up their nutrients in a range (6 t0 7), not just at 6.5. Plants are female,  plants are finicky, they arnt all alike, some like a little higher some a little lower all in the range. If you vary ph, one day 6.2 next time 6.8... your soil is always going to in the right range for your plant to get what she needs. Its simpler and you alwaypossible issues causing problems.

Pot is only 2/3rds full of soil, in heat you need the soil to hold water. Bigger pots are better but you have to fill them. Smaller pots need water more often. Reach down and feel if its moist or dry. 

You should have a regular Veg feed schedule and decent nutes. Water, water and feed on third watering. 

Are youavoid pre nuted soils, once its in there you cant get it out. Better to add it yourself as needed. My HD carries Kelloggs Premium Potting Mix, yellow bag, blue stripes. I add 20% more perlite and worm castings. Growers Recharge once a month. 3rd year on this, i re-use it. Cannabis likes different nutes at different parts of the grow season, high NiDude needs a pH pen, He stated he is not good with colors yet using a color test kit to determine pH. Do you think that will work for him and his plant? I didnt. I showered him in free quality information to help his grow. Whether he can afford to act on that information is  not up to me. Growing isnt free, you have to decide what your budget allowWelcome. 

Those (to me) seem like really short flower time. I grow outdoors, every year for decades. My flower times are always about 70 days plus. That 1st pic bud had a good 2 weeks, that extra 2 weeks is where they fatten and add weight. I see it as a win/win.

It looks like you did a good grow, plant looks healthy. Most 1st time growers dont d&gt;It is the one where you dilute the A solution into the water first and mix, then add B. I pour the water at the base of the plant stem.

After adding nutes, you pH. Unless you are very, very lucky with your tap water you have to pH water and feeds.  PH may not solve the wilted branch but its essential for healthy growing. 

Check for any damageAlmost all Cal deficiencies are pH related, not a lack of Cal. 

Are you using tap Water? What is measuring method/device/procedure? Pen?, drops? strips? 

7 gal is pretty small for outdoors. Its in high 90's at my site everyday. In 20g's im watering about every 3 days. 

You are watering in the range 6-7, that good. Your runoff isnt good, too low The strips and drops are only as accurate as the testers eyesight, its subjective. They will get you to a range. Cannabis only uptakes nutes in the 6 to 7 pH range. They pick up some micro and macro in the lower end of that and others in the higher end, thats the reason to vary pH. If you vary the soil range they always get what they need. 6-6.5 wiThese are females, some are more finicky than others.  pH is more important than just about anything else. The best source of water for most growers is pHed tap water for their medium. Strips and drops are not accurate, need a calibrated pH pen. A good pen lets you know exactly what pH you are giving her. Soil range is 6 to 7 and you want to use thIt doesnt look like burn at all.

it really looks like pH, what are you using to pH? pen? drops? strips? 

Strips and drops are not accurate, too subjective. A pH pen needs to be in good calibration to be of any use. 

I also grow in soil (not no-till) I ph every time I water and or feed. I do low 6's like 6.1 or 6.2 and the next time she is dry i I would never mix coco with soil because of the difference in watering pH, soil is 6 to 7 and coco is 5.5. to 6.5. Ive read you treat as a soil grow, 6 to 7. Feed coco daily, feed soil rarely. It just makes the grow harder before you even pop a seed. 

6.8 is high to water with. 5.2 is low for runoff. This is why i would mix those two mediums. ClusBut they would conveniently break that down for you into 12 easy monthly payments. ;)

In SoCal we call that a Mello Roos tax. Down here its for newly constructed areas where they need to build new schools, fire depts, sidewalks, lighting....

Interesting you saw the tax in an older area but on new homes, seems the fire depts, schools, sewers wouldIm trying, im just not that bright. I appreciate your time. I understand ad valorem tax, a tax based on value, ie the sales price. In CA, after your purchase, the tax amount isnt proportional to home value because prop 13, it caps increases to 2% per year, not actual appreciation. If we didnt do it this way most of us would have to sell because we Yes the tax rate is determined by the county assessor. Its the same rate for everyone in the county. Its strictly based on sales price no matter who buys the house. Agree, vast differences across the country, i only know SoCal, mostly work in LA, San Berdo, Riverside counties. I believe they all charge 1% plus direct assessments for flood control, Thank you thulle.  I still dont understand how this could happen. The assessed amount is simply based on the sales price (agreed price between buyer and seller), nothing else. I still dont understand how/who could change the assessed value after the fact?.  Im think im following along through "property assessments are less sensitive to neighborhoodIm honestly confused. In CA, homes are assessed at the sales price when they are sold. (in real estate) In addition taxes can adjust up at a max 2% per year. Thats about what mine have done yearly, im in same house for 20 years. I pay less than my neighbor next door who bought 5 years ago ( he paid higher price), he pays roughly the same as 4 doorsYou can get a pH meter for $20 bucks, a really good one for $50.  It is required if you plan to have a good harvest. More than likely the reason for your signs of deficiency, nute burn...are all pH related. More soil may help buffer really bad pH but it wont solve the all issues.  Get some 15-20 gallon fabric pots and top and tie your plants down tthats telling you to reduce pH. You want soil runoff in mid 6's. Lower ph to 6.1 or 6.2 next time its dry. 

Im confused by "  and then also checking the run off with actual ph up/down and then also using the PH pen to check mostly for moisture. "

up/down is for raising or lowering the pH of water before you give to plant. pH pen is for checking weverything looks healthy, may be coming up thru roots. If you follow the branch down to the soil, anything compromised, like a worm burrowed in, broken branch...?

I lost a couple complete branches last summer on 2 different plants, the rest of those plants were healthy. So it may not attack the whole thing. 

Curious, why RO water? isnt it void ofIf you want to use that system, then follow their instructions. I dont use that system so my watering schedule wont match yours, it would just be bad info. 

 Your water Q's are dependent on the size, thirst,  medium and environment of your plants not anyone else.  Dont forget to always pH. 

Water in soil is almost always, "water when dry".  So, wSince no mention of pH... id guess...

You need to use a pH pen so you know your water pH. Plants in soil can get their nutrients only in a narrow pH range, 6 to 7. If you water or feed out of that range, she will starve for certain micro nutrients...even if feeding. If using filtered water, the filter also removes micro nutrients tap water offers.Couple things.

Still looks young to be feeding, FF comes with a good 3-4 weeks of nutes. 

When beginning feeds, always start max 1/2 strength, see how plant reacts. Less is more. 

You need to pH every thing you pour on your plant for your grow medium, soil. Thats 6 to 7. You are watering outside the zone. Next time shes dry, go low 6. Always varI musta got lucky. Started with a $12.99 "yellow" one 1st year, calibrated and used entire outdoor season on the initial calibration. Next year i stepped up and spent big bucks for the no name "blue"$17.99 one. Got the extra decimal place and initial calibration lasted full season w/o issue. Eventually I bought a dr. meter model 838 and its conside