I find remote work to be good for this, actually. There's something people call mute etiquette, where the idea is that your microphone is only ever on if you're the one currently speaking. The rest of the time you stay muted, so you can make as much or as little node as you need to. On Zoom, you mute yourself and then you press and hold the space-bI recently did a salary negotiation and have a tip, especially for the younger and less confident of readers. 

If you're at the point of being offered the job but not loving the money, _don't keep quiet about it_. It's very easy to go "oh well, it's better than making no money", but it's always worth asking for more. No one will take a job offer oI'm a non-native English speaker living in the UK, and this thread has been very educational!

I first learnt queer as a somewhat old-fashioned synonym for peculiar in my EFL classes at school (probably some twenty years ago). To me that meaning had negative connotations but no connection to the LGBT community. I realise the two are connected, obviI'll start by saying I'm no doctor, just someone who's had more than her fair share of UTIs.

Between your symptoms and your repeated negative tests, it doesn't sound like this is a UTI at all. UTIs are much more likely to result in consistently cloudy or smelly urine, and strong and frequent need to urinate. If they're mild, they can clear up on tI work in the industry and can confirm this is a huge issue! However, I'm very sceptical about the effectiveness of a petition.

People have been very skittish about testing drugs on women, especially since the development of thalidomide in the 50s. The lack of clinical data on women is a huge problem, especially for cardiovascular disease, where wAll married couples I know my age (early 30s) in my Eastern European home country have had the wife take her husband's name. I've been living in the UK for years though, and my friends here, both British and international, have made a bunch of different decisions when getting married. The most frequent choice has been to do the change, but not in aThere's believing women, and there's believing boyfriends talking about their exes.

I enjoy anal. I don't do it particularly often but when I do, it's easily the highlight of my day / night. I've also introduced a couple of male partners to it, so I suppose that might make me _that_ ex.

However, if a guy I was sleeping with came up and told me, uNot books or shows, but I can recommend looking into the Wayuu people, and other indigenous peoples in South America.

The Wayuu remain strongly matrilineal if not quite matriarchal. If I remember correctly, women are heads of household and land-owners, while men are bread-winners.

I was told once that many of the indigenous peoples in Colombia (aI used to shave my legs a lot back in the day. I don't have some big grand secret but these are my two top tips.

Firstly, use fresh, sharp razors. You're much more likely to do damage with a dull blade. Once you're done shaving, make sure you rinse the razor thoroughly, so there isn't any hair or soap / shaving product on it, and leave it to dry.
I've been there, so trust me when I say _you did absolutely nothing wrong_. You were simply unfortunate enough to find someone who -- despite what I'm sure are many wonderful qualities -- is an insecure biphobic asshole. 

The thing about insecure biphobic assholes is that they make you feel like their shit reactions are your responsibility. They'rBoth procedures carry very little risk, although tubal occlusion typically has a longer recovery time. So I see the argument that vasectomies are less faff.

However, I think there's plenty of reasons to prefer getting your tubes tied. One -- and it is an important one, even if you fully expect to not have any other sexual partners in your life -- YAS! Also living in the UK and all my smears have been really good experiences! And mind you, I have a bit of a funnily-angled cervix, so they tend to take a little longer.

My first one was truly excellent -- the nurse sat me down, gave me a bit of an anatomy lesson, told me how to place my weight and how to breathe, showed me all the instruments,I hear a lot of bi women saying how they've given up on cis men and decided they would only pursue queer relationships in the future. If you've found a lifestyle that suits you, more power to you! LGBT dating can be profoundly different, socially, from cis-het dating, and I totally see how people make that choice, much like many make the opposite dI work in STEM, and while gender dynamics are relatively straightforward for me now, they weren't nearly that easy when I was at university. The stuff you describe happened a lot.

I think confidence comes with time and with finding more people who are like you. For me, confidence came well after I started telling men off, not before. It's so easy I wouldn't be too worried about getting it done if you've never been sexually active. Unfortunately, however, HPV can be transmitted through a range of wonderful non-penetrative activities, so if you're sexually active in any form, you should do one eventually. It's definitely worth talking to a doctor about this stuff!

Mind you, where I live stanI get where you're coming from, and I think we could all be a bit more mindful of our language, and in particular of not presenting bisexuality entirely through a cis lens. I certainly try to, and I probably, much to my shame, don't always succeed.

However, it's also worth bearing in mind that there are so many young people on this sub who're onlyPlan! I always research well where I'm staying, what the transport links are, etc. I go a bit OTT, actually. If I stay at a place, I've probably read all of its TripAdvisor reviews, checked its social media accounts and googled it extensively. I also like city walking a lot, because I find it helps me orient myself a lot better than being in publicI have a rather counter-intuitive piece of advice: stop trying to get through to them. You absolutely should speak up and call out sexism, whether casual or not. You should engage with it, and try to do so in a constructive way. 

But don't worry about how a few boy trolls react and whether you can get through to them at all. Instead, imagine that &gt;As a bi woman I know that's not true, I'm fully capable of not being a pervert.

One of the unexpected pleasures of coming out, I've found, is being able to say this stuff out loud.

I came out awkwardly as a teen, to a mother who is homophobic enough to be upset about it during Pride month, and to pretend it isn't true the rest of the year. I I'm sorry you're in such a rough spot.

My advice is not to wait at all, and to talk to the brother asap. Moving can be quite a big thing, and the more notice you give a person, the better. It's better for him, for obvious reasons, but it would also be better for you -- less stress if he moved out early, and also it gives you two an opportunity to At my very first smear test, the nurse sat me down for an anatomy 101 and to explain the procedure.

She told me to press my lower back down against the table as much as I could, because that would force my vaginal muscles to relax. It did, and a few reminders to do that whenever I tensed up made the test easy-breezy.

A good smear test reminds me &gt; I admire people who manage to love everything about themselves

I'm yet to meet a person like that. With the notable exception of a few loud and rather obnoxious men I know, who are anything but admirable.

Your nose is your nose. Maybe one day you can afford a better nose, or rather a nose that is better for you.

But for now your current noiI similarly re-discovered solo travel after the end of a long-term relationship. It is _wonderful_, and I swear I'm never giving it up. You get to pick where you stay, what time you get up, what you do, where you eat. None of this "but I want to stay in" BS, or missing out on kayaking because your partner is a bit of a wuss.

I'm currently stuck inI understand your frustration. It's incredibly hurtful to be patronised like that, and to have your own contraceptive choices so out of your control. The husband thing in particular is just mental.

A Canadian married couple I'm friends with had to deal with this a few years back. Originally, the woman (who also has a genetic condition she really dSo, perhaps in part because I am a woman, I've read quite a bit about the effect of improved reproductive healthcare access on climate change. I think the reason we don't talk about it more is that a lot of people _hate_ the message. With a passion. Just find a news article that mentions it and scroll down the comment section -- I know comment sectI'm really sorry for what happened to you.

Where I live something would count as rape if the victim didn't or couldn't consent, and the perpetrator could have reasonably been able to see that. So if a sober regular Joe was in the room and could tell you weren't able to consent (and by what you describe, it's pretty obvious you weren't), then it doDo apply for the job! And also, if they invite you to interview (which they should, really, even if the other guy is a shoe-in), make it clear that you're looking to make a move upwards, either now or in the near future, and that you're not expecting to stay in your current position long-term. Don't outright threaten to leave, but do remind them thI'm really, really sorry you're feeling so rubbish about things right now. One horrible thing about biphobia, I think, is the gaslighting -- we're often told that, because we aren't gay (and in particular we aren't gay men), our problems don't exist or aren't as valid. We could pass as straight after all! Obviously, gay men have their particular seI see a few comments going along the lines of "oh, stop telling me the Gothic aesthetic is invalid". It isn't invalid, obviously. It has huge social capital, and it's had it for a long time. No one is trying to deny that, or say it is somehow wrong.

But like the image we have of medieval castles, and Roman marble, that aesthetic is not historicallLove your video! 

6. have an in-depth knowledge (or any knowledge, really) of Linux; I've attended (and helped run) so many courses and workshops, and even in the ones aimed at absolute beginners, people often feel rubbish about not knowing what a terminal is and how to navigate their way around an unfamiliar OS. You learn this stuff as and when yAs someone who had work done very young and against her wishes, I have a perhaps unusual perspective on this one.

I was born with a minor facial defect. At age 15, my family organised for me to have it corrected. They didn't ask whether that's something I wanted, but moved heaven and earth to be able to afford the surgery and to have it done with When I went on birth control, my GP told me roughly the same -- that I could take it back to back whenever I wanted, but that I should keep in mind guidance says to take the week off at least three times a year anyway. 

Nevertheless, I take my week off after every pack -- not for the non-existing health benefits, but because I struggled with irregThank you for sharing this with us.

As a community, and especially as part of pan vs bi conversation, we get so offended by any suggestion we might be transphobic. Which, let's face it, we can be. We try not to be, and I'd like to think we put a fair bit more effort than a lot of people, but we definitely can be.

Sex preference (as opposed to gen&gt;if anything, they're saying the exact opposite, which is that genitals don't define at all the gender of someone (they do define the sex usually, since sex is a scientific and medical term, but since too many people mix and match gender and sex, wrongly, i don't think this is the time for discussion)

A minor linguistic point here: the word sexIf you feel comfortable speaking to your boss in private, please do.

I don't know about you, but one of the biggest problems I have in work is people interrupting me in meetings -- to ask questions, to clarify what I've just said, or to add something new. They never do it to say something rude or condescending -- but they also don't interrupt my mThere is something called pelvic organ prolapse. It happens when your pelvic floor -- a set of muscles which keep some of your internal organs in place -- weakens. That causes organs such as your bladder or womb, for example, to get displaced from their usual position. It's nowhere near as dramatic as your vagina "falling out", although it can be aNo lip fillers, but I had cosmetic surgery at age 15 to correct a (very) minor facial defect. I'm now in my early thirties.

The surgery wasn't something I initiated, or even wanted, really. My mother had decided it was a thing I obviously must want, and had gone through quite a lot of trouble to arrange it. At that age I didn't know how to say no,I'm bi and autistic, and so much of what you describe really resonated with me! People often don't believe me about one or the other, and I can count on one hand the number of people I've felt comfortable talking to about both.

One thing I saw recently and absolutely loved is Hannah Gadsby's Douglas. She's gay and autistic, and while her experiencYou might be right that this wasn't a case of domestic violence, especially if the police seemed relaxed around the man. However, I think your idea of what a domestic violence case might entail -- e.g. ambulance and lots of bystanders -- is not necessarily accurate.

Most domestic violence, and indeed most police calls, aren't accompanied by that kSome specific advice regarding the college thing -- learn how (not) to give advice.

I know that what you told her about transferring was a very considered opinion that took into account her personal circumstances above all, and that it was in no way demanding or irrational. However, even when pressed for advice, it can sometimes be better not to gThere are slightly different schools of thought on this. One frequently quoted distinction is that bi folk are attracted to people of multiple genders, while pan folk are attracted to people regardless of their gender. Defined this way, neither term is meant to be transphobic, nor biphobic. 

To illustrate, I consider myself bisexual. I like differ&gt; I'm only 19 and I know itll only get worse

When I was in my early teens, I was assaulted on the street. It wasn't the first time I'd experienced misogyny, but it was the first time I was acutely aware of it. That day my mother told me it would only get worse, and I needed to develop the skills to handle it.

Twenty years later, I wish she'd nI was raised by a single mother, so I don't get the relationship stuff as much. Instead, I get told that young women nowadays should stop being such wimps about it (wtf?), in addition to all the biologically wired / regret it later / not getting any younger BS.

The best way of dealing with it that I've found is to actively shut the conversation doI think you need to know where you stand with someone really well before you approach them for a second time like that. This guy missed the mark with you -- he should have been more mindful of how he'd come across and how he'd make you feel.

You can tell him off of you want to, but honestly I'd probably go with a quick "thanks but not interested"-Okay, no. Not how science works, and certainly not how statistics works. And I should know, I have a doctorate in this stuff.

PLENTY of things in nature are non-Gaussian. What we call rare events, such as radioactive decay or earthquakes, and their interarrival times (so the time between two consecutive earthquakes) are the classic examples of natThank you for sharing your experience!

I'm one of the lucky ones (and I should say there are many of us!) for whom the pill hasn't had negative physical or mental health side effects. It's definitely made my life better, no buts, and no caveats.

However, I have struggled with depression and anxiety in the past. There's no amount of condom-free seUnfortunately, a lot of people have done through what you describe. Having your family, who you care for deeply and count on implicitly, react in such a negative way is enough to bring anyone to their knees.

The good news is that with time it gets better. Hopefully they come round. A lot of negative reactions come from people being taken aback, anI really appreciated your discussion on abortion safety! Like OP, I grew up in a small, conservative country where it's "common knowledge" that abortions frequently lead to infertility or worse. There is no data, in my home country or anywhere else with a similar healthcare standard, to back that "fact" in any way.

Abortions are way, way safer thaI grew up being told that SAH mothers were lazy women who were too dependent on their husbands for their own good. Then, when my best friend's husband became a SAH dad, so that she (who has a far higher earning potential) could work, do you know what those same people said? That it must be _so hard_ for him, and how he's a real angel for taking a sThis happened to me once, and like you I felt terrible. 

This was someone who ended a seven-year relationship over the phone. About a year and a half after, while I was on holiday (and with barely any contact in-between) he messaged me out of the blue to tell me some news about his extended family and to ask what I was up to.

Part of what made itSo, in the past what's turned me off like that has been consistent low mood / likely undiagnosed depression. You might find that working towards your mental and physical health affects your libido as well!

Also, quarantine is pretty bad for everyone, and feeling extra frustrated because you want different levels of intimacy is 100% normal. When I I have PCOS and naturally very irregular (but light and super chill!) periods. Because of my PCOS I used to freak out about not getting a period -- it  might come on day 35, or on day 95, who knows. Despite always using protection, and not being particularly sexually active at the time, I swear I've done orders of magnitude more pregnancy tests thaYou're definitely not overreacting, and your BF needs to keep himself in check.

By all accounts you lead a healthy, active life. Your BMI is healthy. Having fat around your legs and bum, especially as a grown-ass woman, is completely normal and no bad thing, health-wise or aesthetically. The only problem with your body, as far as I can tell, is yoDon't know about clever kids, but there's plenty of studies out there about how lower-body fat (curvy legs / bum) doesn't pose increased health risk! I think the really famous one is Heitmann et al. (2009) on thigh size and risk of heart disease, but there have been plenty of others.

url

So, you know, next time someone tells you they're not mean,It takes a while for the antibiotics to kick in. I've had the displeasure of many, many UTIs, and it usually takes me a day to feel better after starting antibiotics. My symptoms usually persist for maybe three to four days, but most of that is slight discomfort and needing to pee a lot, and not the hellish pain that it is pre-meds. Doctors say thaYour dad's comment is definitely sexist, regardless what your voice is actually like. There's a lot of misogynistic rhetoric out there about how a shrill voice and uptalk are a woman's greatest sin. I think we'd all be doing womankind a favour if we called out BS like that.

Now, you might be some record-setting high-decibel, high-tone screamer, I I've only ever had female doctors examine me, though I've discussed sexual health with male doctors as well. In my case it's been luck rather than by request, and I honestly don't know whether I'd want to request a female doctor if the default was a man. I'd like to think that I wouldn't, but it would definitely make me more uncomfortable.

What I I know, from personal experience, how upset you must be right now. I was eighteen when something very similar happened to me (a lifetime ago!), and I wish someone had told me this: you're not expecting too much of your friends.

Sure, it's not their job to keep you in check. I don't do it with my friends either -- if they're drunk enough to embarraPerhaps you could think about what the other characters know. In your head, which of them is she out to? Would any of them tease her about it? In what circumstances would anyone mention it?

I'm a fairly invisible bi woman, and the topic of my sexuality comes up in the following circumstances: when I take the time and make a point of coming out to I've never been on PinkPill, but GenderCritical was openly and horrifically transphobic. And if a sub is like that -- same as if it were racist, sexist, or homophobic to the point of being abusive to the wider reddit community -- their existence is hard to justify. 

It is true that as feminists, our views get scrutinised more, and there's a lot mo