A couple of highlights...

&gt; "Officer Wright explained to Mr. GaVia there were riots going on in the city and an officer would
speak to him as quickly as they could. Mr. Gavia did not like that answer and went on to tell officers they aren't doing the jobs he pays them for and that officers were being "bunch of bitches."  
 
and...

&gt;During sI went to Victory Field last Thursday for the college exhibition game. I'd say it was about 2 - 3% full. There was absolutely no issues there. Everyone was spread out, I would say 85% of the people were following the rules strictly, the rest were at least half-assing it (which is better than nothing). When it was time to leave we really weren't thaI like this idea. But I think the NFL should still cut the number of games in almost half this season. Eliminate half of the division games, eliminate the out of conference games. That cuts 7 of your 16 games. Play an 11 game schedule. Each team plays every other week, and you take out the bye week this year. Half the times play on one Sunday, the Those are just old streets that have not been changed in a long time. 

[Here](url) is an example of a street that was redone. It was changed from a one way street to a two way street a year or two ago, and there are now curb cutouts and parkingI am concerned because its such a political issue when it really shouldn't be. I agreed with the first shutdown. I agreed with the re-opening. I agree with the mask mandate. They should have made the mask mandate a requirement to re-open. I believe if we did that there wouldn't be this uptick that there is now. 

Just wear the mask. Would you ratheThere isn't anything wrong with travelling by car right now. Even staying in hotels should be OK as long as they are not crowded. Check in is the only human interaction you need, and it is very easy to stay far apart and be masked up for that. As long as your destination isn't something indoors (museums, restaurants, etc.) or a crowded beach, thereWe shall see. I actually don't really like mega threads. They die in a day or two. I mod r/pacers, and when free agency hits people always ask for an FA mega thread. The problem is no one follows them after a day or two, and if you don't mod the sub 24/7 (spoiler alert, we don't), something leaks through and gains some good discussion. Its technicaGetting gas and going camping is [less risky](url) than going grocery shopping. I am not sure what you are trying to accomplish by banning posts here. People can have legit questions and a real need to travel across the country and can get some real advice here. People can be directed to try checking out places in their owMemorial day weekend I got stopped by Mississippi State Police in a rental with FL plates. I live in Indiana. I was speeding and got a ticket for that. No questions about where I was going or where I'd been. In fact, fastest traffic stop I've ever been a part of.

Last weekend I drove from Indiana to Mississippi and back. Nothing at any state bordeTo be honest, subscribers mean nothing. I mod a sports team sub and our subscriber numbers shot up a ton over the past 18 months too, but the total page views stayed the same (this info is easily available to mods). I think its all just bots man.....bots everywhere. 

(Although I could totally be wrong here and maybe this sub has had  a large increI've been noticing more graffiti in Indy now then in years past. INDOT does a pretty good job with covering it up quickly, but DPW does not. Is it worth it to report it to the MAC? 

I have so little sympathy for people who vandalize property like that. I wish there was an easy solution for this, but apart from just hiding and waiting to catch themFYI, I-70 will be closed for a small stretch in Indianapolis during your drive. Follow the signs for the detours and you should be fine, it really only adds a mile or two to the drive. 

Also, I-70 in Kansas is a toll road from Kansas City to Topeka. If you have a toll pass you might want to see if it is compatible.

As far as the police it is entiDon't listen to Lenny or the naysayers. You can easily do Chicago to Denver in one day. Then its a 1 day drive from Denver to Zion (which will be a gorgeous drive). That's 4 travel days (but I would only count it as 2 since the CO &lt;-&gt; Zion driving will be fun), and then you have 3 days to do whatever you want in between. 

Could you spend morReed has been crafting the narrative long before IMPD has. And that narrative is he is a criminal with NO REGARD for the safety of anyone (see his Facebook videos of him shooting randomly into neighborhoods). How recklessly do you have to be driving for the CHEIF OF POLICE to decide to chase you while he is on his way home from work? 

What do you I was listening to the police scanner while all this was going on. This doesn't even mention the person who walked into St. Vincent with a gunshot wound, or the people at 13th and Rural who "ran out of fireworks and are believed to be shooting randomly in the air". There were at least 2 other shots fired calls too that weren't related to these. ItsI've been checking the [ISDH site](url) every day just to see what the numbers look like. 

Despite a lot of doom and gloom on this sub when Holcomb announced the re-opening plan, Indiana has been fine. Total deaths per day have fallen a lot since 5/20. Positive test results have dropped a little. Ventilator and ICU Bed usage associated with Covid I don't think this is true at all. I've recently taken two road trips from IN to TX for work. Both times in rentals with FL plates. One of the trips had a stop in MS first. 

Both times, I had no issues crossing into any states at all. In fact, there were no warning signs at any border requesting a quarantine or anything. When we were in MS we got What a stupid term..."surrendering to the virus". 

The whole point of staying inside was to flatten the curve so we don't overwhelm the health care system. We have done that. We have seen what the baseline is on a "full lockdown" so now we can start opening things up and then adjust accordingly. If we all stay inside, this whole thing just lasts lWell its in the location of the old Coke Plant (fuel, not the drink) so it was a good excuse to clean up a dirty area. Marion County has a few jails in downtown, with a one taking up some good real-estate. Also, at the time is was being planned the jail was constantly full. 

The new place will consolidate everything into one campus, go from 2500 tThe limits are way to low. There have been tons of improvements done on 465 over the last decade (added lanes, increased on/off ramp length, elimination of the clover leaf interchanges) and yet we are still stuck at 55. They should be set to 65. 

Also, I am pretty sure with the Coronavirus, police have been told to limit unnecessary contact with oYou are welcome! I am not sure what angle you are trying to go with your paper but Peyton Manning is generally regarded as the man who got Lucas Oil built. Lucas Oil is HUGE with our sports image. Hosting a Super Bowl, Final Fours, Big 10 Football Championship game, and the upcoming 2022 College Football Championship game. 

His name is also on oneNot sure if this is what you are looking for...

* Indianapolis Motor Speedway is a big thing here, but they have not really changed much. 

* Eli Lilly Endowment is responsible for a lot of local art projects around the city, but I am not sure if they have a huge affect. 

* Probably one of the more recent large impacts is the Eugene and Marilyn G&gt; But spikes means people dying.

If you are at a higher risk there is nothing stopping you from staying at home.

EDIT: How about you explain to me how I am wrong before downvoting me (I'm not calling out the commenter above me, but just in general). I'm not advocating for a full-on release of the stay at home order, and neither is Holcomb. ButYeah, I know what those terms mean. Five days is most agreed upon incubation period with this virus. So if someone were to wait five days, it lowers the risk. But what if they have it for more than 5 days? Well if they don't go on a trip, they will still most likely go to the store  at some point between that 1-14 day period potentially spreading ilol, you are insane. 

I am never going to judge someone trying to move across the country for a job, especially now. You stay at home for 5 days, and if you feel fine, go for it. Take supplies with you, limit your interaction with people, take lysol and hand sanitizer and use it often. 

If you want to gatekeep people and live out your prepper fanIf every American went out and got 4 to 5 months of supplies, there wouldn't be enough stock in stores to handle it. You are saying people shouldn't camp or travel because they need to get supplies, yeah? They would eventually have to get supplies if they were at home anyway. It makes no difference if they do it at home or travel. As long as you arI try to keep up on downtown development and I haven't heard any plans for them. 

I know there are some people who want CSX to reroute the lines to some existing track around the city (kind of like a 465 for the trains) but that track would need hundreds of millions of dollars of improvement before it could handle the traffic. CSX has no incentiveI only have the base model, but I don't know if that would matter. I've had it for almost two years now and I already took into the dealer for three rattles (all at once).  

* A small clip holding the review mirror wire was lose and I couldn't make it reset.  
* Some undersheilding was lose.  
* A driver seat bracket was squeaking at every stop anPhilly to CA is too difficult. But, if you really want to, and if you have never been out west before, you could pull off a trip to Colorado, but you might need to bump up your budget to $3500. It will be a TON of driving, and some of it will be boring, but you can do it. Here is my break down. 

(Yes I know this is a little extreme, but if you wanPeople here will say that is too much driving and not enough time. I say DO IT!

What are your plans for lodging? Not having a set plan is way more fun, but finding last minute hotels or campsites can be difficult and more expensive then booking something a few weeks out. Plus, there is always a chance of everything be booked. Sleeping in the car cI do not, and do not have DRLs. However, my auto headlights are very good and always turn on when they need to be on (foggy, super cloudy, rain, etc). 

However, this stupid Kia we have....worst auto headlights ever. They don't come on soon enough, they turn off to early, and (the most dumbest thing of all) they do not turn on when you turn on yourGood... Mostert is the one I am looking for. I really want to find an alt line of over 140+ rushing yard bet for Mostert. I put $20 @ +1100 that Derrick Henry would have the most rushing yards in the playoffs. Mostert is 169 yards away from that mark. I'd figure I could hedge (or maybe try to middle a little bit) if I could find Mostert over 140 yaI'm like you. I go 80 on 465, 70, etc (as long as the traffic allows). I'll go 85 on the rural interstates. I've never been pulled over on the highway. I've been nicked a few times on city streets put I haven't received a ticket in over 5 years. 

Its a combination of not driving like an asshole, being able to spot cops from afar, and knowing whereWhile staying in CO for a week my brothers and I decided to do [this route](url actually a [Lucas Oil Family Night](url) tonight. Most tickets in the balcony are discounted, you get a free hats, and a free Chick Fil A meal coupon. 

If you go to the link above and pick the Nuggets game, it will take you to the TicketMaster site. I looked at a random balcony ticket. It usually goes for $36 +fees but it is discounted to $27.Last year we had found this really great Excel sheet that created the box scores. It was formatted well and look really good. 

This year, it doesn't work anymore. We tried to contact the creator but we did not hear from him. I've used the one r/nba uses sometimes this year but I HATE the way it looks. 

I've tried to remember to use it this year tFor me it would be Game 3 at home vs the Heat, when we went up 2-1. I was at that game it was the craziest I have ever seen BLF. 

And for some random ones...

[Pacers at Wizards](url), 11/24/15. PG and CJ miles go a combined 15/17 from 3. I mean, look at this [box score](url). 

[Pacers at Kings](url), PG's 4 point play to tie the game and force OFine, here it is. 

&gt;Yeah ding ding I’m a fucking Kings fan. Woopity fuckin doo. You are all a bunch of little fucking ingrates. I’m glad you all don’t understand how much you are missing out on a player that could make you so much better. I really hope you trade him instead of firing Nate. I hope he goes to another team where he gets more than Yep. We have a tough game tomorrow at Philly (seriously NBA, start a 5 game road trip on a 2nd night of a back to back after an 8PM tip? Fuck you.) but then we have 4 winnable games coming up. 

I'm just worried that we start this 5 game road trip and its just a constant game - day off - game - day off - game - day off  -game etc for the foreseeablI get it. Its a little difficult to have consistency since the mods are different people with different views on how to run the sub. 

We don't always communicate with each other before we ban someone, considering we will catch things at different times. Sometimes a mod will ban someone that the other mod thinks shouldn't be banned. But if you do gYou posted a meme, criticizing Myles, with nothing else. You wanted a conversation, why not post some text? Start the conversation that you want to have. 

I am not the mod that banned you. Personally, I probably would not have banned you. It was a temp ban anyway, not a permaban. 

We try our best to make sure this sub doesn't turn into a cesspool&gt;My team in English football is inherited from my father and is Southampton: a usually respectable middle of the road team, have some highs, have some lows but tend to have some decent talent passing through and every now and again we have a good run at it. I enjoy supporting a team who isn’t a big dog but can mix it when our stars align!

This There is a [Chick Fil A](url) off the Southport Road exit. Its the last exit on 65 coming from Louisville until you hit 465 (the loop that goes around the city). 

The garage attached to Bankers Life is $20. There is a lot toThis is my photo, originally posted [here](url). 

For some context, [here](url) (photo) or [here](url) (Google Maps link) is where the truck was. The truck was going the way it was facing, and was trying to turn the way I am facing. TheFor some context, [here](url) (photo) or [here](url) (Google Maps link) is where the truck was. The truck was going the way it was facing, and was trying to turn the way I am facing. They do allow turns there, but not by trucks. 

I don'Been waiting for a reason to post this.

Yeah ding ding I’m a fucking Kings fan. Woopity fuckin doo. You are all a bunch of little fucking ingrates. I’m glad you all don’t understand how much you are missing out on a player that could make you so much better. I really hope you trade him instead of firing Nate. I hope he goes to another team where hMy "give it a rest" was more of a saying, not telling you to shut up. 

Also, I am VERY VERY pro Redine, Scooters, bikeshare, Blue Indy, etc. In fact, I would be in favor for another small tax increase if it means if we could get the Blue and Purple lines built sooner rather than later. 

&gt;This is a longterm terrain altering project our grandkidOne comment against your idea and you ask me to leave? I thought forums were a place to have discussions...

&gt;You seem to suggest though that INDOT’s highway is already part of a bad traffic solution downtown

It is because of Rethink. INDOT's original plan was fine. But because of the push-back they got, they had to do this compromise, which isOh look, its one of these already. 

We took the Cavs to 7 with a team that many people thought wouldn't make the playoffs to start the year. The same Cavs team that rolled their way past round 2 and 3.

We got swept by Boston because our best player on the court that series was Tyreke freaking Evans. We lost Vic for most of the season and still st&gt;but it would require them to have full access to my personal phone for security reasons, which creeps me out

ymmv, but that usually means they have permission to wipe the phone if you lose it and to wipe your email if you are let go or quit. As an IT guy, I couldn't care less what you do on your phone. We don't have the time to monitor every lMainly in the second picture in the article, it looks too much just like random 3-6 story buildings plopped here and there with lots of space between. Like a north side office park.

This was touted as "expanding downtown" but I just saw it as making a downtown competitor. With the Steam Plant, Diamond Chain building, data centers, and the tracks, Honestly, I didn't like that plan anyway. It looked to suburban. I think the city should do one of two things. 

1: Just sit on it. Wait until something better comes along, but be prepared to sit for 10-20 years. Not many cities have tons of land just sitting empty near their downtown core. Don't develop to develop it. Wait for the right thing. ThiSince the parking lots are pretty well covered, I have a few. 

* All the industry south of Kentucky Ave

* I don't think these will ever go away but the CSX tracks 

* [This](url) suburban subdivision in the heart of downtown. Looks so out of place. 

* Now that [this](url you gotta turn the headlights off with the knob so you can read your now-dimmed gauges. 

Is this really an issue? For work I sometimes drive a 2016 Kia Soul. The auto headlights are incredibly stupid. They don't turn on when I turn on my wipers (unlike Fords) and they come on too late and turn off to early. So, I usually leave my those he&gt; it blows my mind that a beautiful four lane expressway can back up so much due to what I believe to be terrible drivers.

I am convinced that 465 SB on the South East side back ups in the evenings because people are unable to maintain their speed up [this hill](url a driver needs an explanation on these new lanes to prevent them from running over someone then they shouldn't be driving. Do you really need to be taught about every new thing you encounter on the road? What happens when you drive to a place out of town and they have some different weird setup? 

If you can't handle it, you shouldn't be drivingimo, the final circle in ranked doesn't bother me as much. Apex has manged to create two different playlists that have two different styles. Unranked is where the run and gun action happens. Ranked is more of a stealth game style. I certainly tailor my play style depending on which which mode I am in. I find both styles fun in there own way. 

I knThis is all I could find from a WTHR article back in April. 

&gt;This year, crews will be doing a similar project on the southeast side of I-465, between I-65 and I-70. The closures are projected to last for 15 days at a time.

Crews will work on the northbound lanes first, between August 9 and 24. Then they'll take care of the southbound lanes beThe reduction of highway access to placate the group about retention wall height is silly when it would only affect a few houses and some apartment parking lots. We have already compromised by not adding through lanes (if you would have seen the INDOT project intent report from a few years ago it would look VASTLY different). 

Now, they are going I had to do this. 

First, call 317-327-3811 to get a police report. Its super easy, just tell them you need to get a police report because your city trash can is stolen. Make sure you write down the report number. 

Then, go to url

Create a new request -&gt; trash, dumping, and graffiti -&gt; 96 gallon cart -&gt; stolen 96 gallon cart. Put in you