Its definitely an economy car.  The ford fiesta that we had before it honestly had a better interior.  The seats were more comfortable, it was quieter, and I think the materials were better.  I was afraid of its long term mechanical reliability so I set out for something modern, yet simple as dirt that will hopefully run 300k miles with minimal troIn my experience its the opposite.

My Subaru has idiotic mapping, 30% pedal is almost 90% throttle opening (confirmed by a datalog).  Its incredibly twitchy and makes it nearly impossible to drive smooth.  I'm waiting on an email tune to make it more linear, its almost unbearable and has probably taken years off the clutch life with how the RPMs j4 or 5 cylinder?  If you're 2wd 2 door then a 3.7 5 speed should actually be pretty quick.  If you're 4 door 4wd like mine, then it gets so heavy that there's no getting around it being slow.

An engine swap is your best bet.  5.3s came factory in Colorado's so they're a relatively straightforward swap that is well documented online.  Your transmisMost people rev the engine way too high taking off and just roast the clutch.

You really shouldn't rev much over idle, its actually counter productive (you're creating a larger speed differential between the engine and the transmission) and destroys the clutch.

Naturally you'll stall it sometimes if the engine has a hiccup or you just have sloppyA *lot* of people are bad at driving manuals and needlessly wear out the clutch, just because they have poor technique.

I have never managed to wear out a clutch, only needed tho replace them when they were bad at the time of purchase of a used car.

My dad purchased an '87 jeep Cherokee back in the early 90s with low miles.  That jeep made it thrIts not all the corporations fault like a lot of people here seem to believe.  Everyone shares the blame.

Stop consuming if you want corporations to cut their pollution.  You can only make building a new cell phone so clean.

Also, everything is going to get extremely expensive if you put even more red tape on industry.  Acting like they're just pHave you been RVing?

They are slow, handle bad, are stressful to drive in the city, have poor visibility, and are very expensive to run.

Unless you spend $300k on a nice one, they're made out of cardboard and glue so it's not like you're getting a luxury experience.

You'll save money and get to sleep in a nicer bed with a full sized bathroom, anBecause a generator that is capable of fast charging an EV is big and expensive, and you're still stuck on the side of the road *for hours* waiting to get enough charge just to drive 3 hours and do it again.

All the while you're burning *more gas* than you would with a regular gas vehicle, and said generator is emitting much worse pollutants than If it's slipping under normal acceleration then it's pretty bad.  I will usually go ahead and replace it when it just starts to slip when I'm flooring it.

Nobody can really say when it will become immobile.  It depends on what type of driving you do, how hard you are on it, and how much you drive.  You'll also warp or crack your flywheel if you leRally cars are race cars by definition.

Are you talking about using the same car for gravel and tarmac?  Because of course you can.  Rally cars are set up for each location, and sometimes the stages are 100% pavement.  They lower the cars and stiffen them up when they need to.

To have good results, you'll want a good set of adjustable coilovers sIts highly dependant on what you're shopping for.

I buy off eBay and Amazon all the time.  There are plenty of vendors selling name brand quality parts.

For universal parts (exhaust components, fuel lines and fittings etc) I'll use Summit or Jegs.

For stock replacement, either OEM or Rockauto

For car specific aftermarket parts I usually use MAPI do.

Compare a ford ecosport to a ford fiesta.

Same 1.0L 3 cylinder ecoboost, same platform, both FWD

Fiesta gets 41mpg highway

Ecosport gets 29mpg highway

41% difference...

I actually don't know how an ecosport does that poorly.  My crosstrek is bigger and has a larger engine, but it still manages to average 31-32mpg.  My Fiesta always averI have air springs on the back of my truck, since the factory leaf springs sagged.  I also use them to level the truck if im towing something.

What are you looking to do?  Mine literally have valve stems I've mounted next to the rear license plate and adjust pressure until it sits level.  They sell a kit with an onboard compressor that lets you adYou haven't searched worth a damn then...  There's an active recall on that pipe because your 1.6 will spray oil on the turbo and catch fire when it fails.  Unfortunately that doesn't cover the 1.0, even though the defective hose is the same fucking part number.  Ford won't cover it because mine won't turn into a fireball when the head cracks, and Your fiesta is going to have the same problems as mine.  The same part numbers were used on both cars.

Replace your coolant lines before they fail and you lose your engine.  The 1.6 EB also loves to crack heads when they run just a little bit low on coolant.

My evap core was a mess of white crusty corrosion at just 5 years of age, like it wasn't The clutch is slipping.

First, make sure there is slack in the cable.  If the cable has tension, it can't engage fully and will be likely to slip.

If that doesn't work, change the oil and use something that's right for a wet clutch.  Motorcycle specific oil, or Rotella.

If it still slips, then you need to replace the clutch plates.  Its no big dThe Japanese brands came over with something to prove and were all pretty high quality from the beginning.  Their main problem was how easily they rusted, but then again everything from the 60's and 70's rusted away if it so much as sat outside in the rain.  By the 70's and 80's, they had a reputation for being higher quality than their American coIts all of their vehicles.  Ford has such shit quality control that I can't believe anyone buys them.

I'm saying this as someone who's been a ford fan for the last 20 years.  The made their interiors nicer after the ~2005 era, but their mechanical reliability has gone to absolute shit.

I bought a Fiesta new in 2014...  It was a stick shift so I dRods and pistons is about it.  The later evo 4g63 is mirrored compared to the DSM and evo I-III engine.  Hardly anything is usable.

For pistons and rods you're better off aftermarket anyway.  Evo parts are hardly an upgrade there.

If you want a good turbo with OEM reliability, use a Holset off a cummins dodge.

There is no reason to use evo injecPeople looking to move up to a 600 will just buy a used 600, rather than blowing $6-7k on a 250.

I love sportbikes, and I'm actually their target demographic here, but nobody would buy these in the US.  I sure as hell wouldn't give up my 600 for it, and I don't have room for another bike, especially when it's just a slower, economy version of whatThey might as well.  They phone it in on their cheaper bikes and they can't compete with the Japanese brands.

Nobody buys entry level cruisers anyway.  90% of the sub $7000 bikes I see on the road are standards, usually nakeds, and I live in Harley country (southern US)

Harley refuses to pivot and build a good looking, lightweight, cheap, and relMy gauges and vacuum pump cost me less than $100.  It is annoying that if I ever need to work on a charged system I need to pay to get it evacuated first, but I'm usually fixing a leak and all the refrigerant is already gone.

Air conditioning is a luxury.  Safety hazard?  Lmao.  I guess everyone before air conditioning just died in their cars.

KeYou can replace the O-Ring yourself for about $0.25...

If you've been dumping Freon in your car, chances are it already has dye.  A lot of aftermarket Freon does.  Look it over with a blacklight and you'll probably see the leak.

Again, install the compressor yourself.  Lefty loosey, rightey tightey.

You then put vacuum on the system overnight, iBecause you've actually determined that its a $1600 fix?  It could be an O-Ring...  even a compressor is only a few hundred dollars at most.

The problem with oil charges is that you have no idea how much oil you've lost.  You're likely to wind up getting way too much in the system and your receiver/dryer will just be full of oil.

Sorry I have a pDefine good.  They didn't make much power stock, and the aftermarket never supported it.  Its a truck engine designed to make low end power.

Swapping the 4G63 or some other engine was the thing to do with the starquests.

Its a single cam head, the head didn't flow well, and the fuel injection was just a step above TBI.  There wasn't an injector ithe lady on the Toyota commercials makes me never want to own a Toyota.

Having to promote your product by trying to sell you on a lifestyle means it's probably not worth buying in the first place.  I don't give a fuck how "sporty" your rav4 is, how "stylish" the Camry is, or how "quirky" the people are driving it.  If the specs don't set your prodI wouldn't do anything to a stock grom engine beyond a cam, ecu flash, and a high compression piston.

BBK's don't gain you that much power unless you go wild and do headwork, new throttle body, etc.  They make vibration worse, they're less reliable, and done right they're stupid expensive.

Spend your thousands on a cbr300 and swap the engine.  OrNo, this car isn't worth $60-70k or whatever top trim costs to me.  Even the $50k base price tag is hard to swallow.

I prefer a manual in trucks because they work better.  Truck autos are sluggish, unreliable, and inefficient, especially for towing.  Plus I like the simplicity.  I buy a vehicle to own for decades, and don't want to own an electronYes it's bad.  That hasn't gotten too severe yet so you can still save the cable.

Buy a new battery, but before you hook it up, neutralize the acid on the cable end with a bath in baking soda solution so that it stops the corrosion.  Next apply some of that oily battery terminal protection spray, and some of those felt pads that  come soaked in prSeen several in person, still hate the front bumper. Its overstyled.  Leave the ugly body kits to the aftermarket.

I don't necessarily like the mk4 styling either, but at least it had a normal looking bumper opening.  The rest of the car is kind of fat.

They've nearly pulled off making a classically good looking car, lean and curvy, FD RX7 esque,I don't think the production bumper fits the rest of the car.  The car is full of nice sweeping curves, then this bumper has a bunch of random edges and a beak thrown in. Its like someone bolted on some ugly aftermarket body kit.

I love the shape of the car and the rear 3/4 view, but that front end really makes me not like the car.

To drop $50k, Peak horsepower and torque don't tell you much, because unless you have a CVT, you're almost never at the peak power in the rpm range.

Some cars fall on their face very quickly once you fall out of the power band, some do not.

300hp from an LS1 offers vastly different average acceleration compared to a 300hp v6 of half the displacement.

Overlay Ours is on its 3rd transmission in under 200k miles lol, first replaced under warranty, the 2nd time we got a heavier built one and its been OK for about 10 years now.

To be fair, a gas burning Dodge from the era would have been through just as many transmissions.  The early overdrives were pretty junky.

Should have been a stick shift, but my graIts easy to tell the difference.  Turn signals are much more regular of a tempo than someone tapping the brakes.

I usually am watching their wheels instead of their lights anyway.  Riding a motorcycle teaches you that.  You rarely have the luxury of someone indicating before making a maneuver, or being predictable in general.  The people who botheAside from going to a hydraulic clutch, you really can't.  The clutch spring force is what it is.  The only thing you can do is eliminate cable drag from the equation by going hydraulic, or buy a lower powered bike with a lighter clutch.

Keep your cable and lever lubed, if your bike has some age on it, and hasn't been maintained, then it's probablThere were a lot of mainstream turbo cars sold back in the 80s.  They were nixed in favor of larger N/A engines because they were a reliability nightmare with the technology they had at the time.

The 1979 mustang cobra had a turbocharged 2.3L cylinder.

In 1980 and 81, the firebird trans-am came with a turbocharged 301 V6.

These are the two oldesDiesel trucks have all had turbos since the early 90s.  Dodge started it in '89 with the 5.9 Cummins turbo diesel.  GM started putting the turbo 6.5 in their trucks in 1992.  Ford didn't follow suit until 1994 when they stuck a turbo on the 7.3.

A N/A diesel is a turd, they pretty much require turbos to have acceptable performance.

Diesels also rFuel economy will always be good with this small of a bike.  Even with a big bore kit you're probably still going to be getting North of 80mpg, which means it'll still basically run for free.

Another thing to keep in mind is that the high compression piston requires premium gas.  It raises the compression drastically and it will detonate and blow Sometimes things are defective.

The most likely thing to happen, aside from being left off, is if it was clamped too tight when it was riveted and the ring ruptured.

But X rings are produced on a massive scale, some will be defective and break even if everything is done right.

Mistakes happen, failures happen.  This is a trivial thing to fix, I Wranglers not being taken offroad doesn't mean they aren't capable.  The IFS blazers weren't anything special.

The 2.8 was not reliable lol.

I guess I should have specified beyond ground clearance on the geometric comparison.  For whatever reason the frame on the blazer dips way down between the axles (like all other GM frames) and they have a reThe full sized blazer was a big bloated Soccer mom SUV with no off-road cred lol, it was just a suburban without back doors.

S10 blazers were anemic econoboxes with no ground clearance, a weak drivetrain, poor reliability, and they basically required a solid axle swap to get a suspension or front diff that was worth a damn.

After spending time arI don't see how anyone could complain about the TJ transition.  The coil springs are one of the few evolutions where something stayed just as simple, but performance and refinement both increased drastically.  TJs ride and drive so much better, articulate so much better, and are still trivial to work on and modify.

Plus they kept the winning formuYeah it has to work harder, but in the grand scheme of things its basically irrelevant.  If your car has 200k miles think of all the hours that compressor has worked in its life, now think about how it cycled on a few more times when you had your windows down.

Your compressor is on or off, there's not really a spectrum of how hard it is working.  The refrigerant lasts until it leaks out.  That could happen at 5000 miles, or 400,000 miles.  Either way, it indicates a leak and the leak needs to be found and fixed.

It is not a consumable, nor is it a maintenance item.

Now, the compressor can become weak as it wears and it wont be as powerful, but thats what a set of gauges is for.  You need I think reliability and longevity have probably peaked years ago, but safety and efficiency are still increasing.

Cars from the 90s tended to be very reliable.  Cars from the 2000s seem to be equal or better.  My Colorado has 200k on it and has only needed a few trivial repairs over its lifespan, it shows no signs of needing anything major anytimeYep, I won't argue any of that.  Its a capable vehicle, but like the wrangler, they've become quite bloated and gone after the premium side of the market instead of offering a barebones utility vehicle.

The roxors are pretty cool, its a shame they're not street legal.  I'd also want a few minimal creature comforts like A/C, power steering, and a rIt depends on your upbringing.  I was born in 1990 and everything I drove at a young age still had a carburetor.  I tinkered a lot with motorcycles in high school, all carbed.  Our farm vehicles were carbed, except for the "nice" ones we took to town.  Our tractors were mostly 80s and older and had mechanical fuel injection (most of which are stillEhh, I think it's a bronco II with better execution.

Its still sharing a platform, which has a lot of compromises.  Its way too damn fancy and expensive to really capture the spirit of the original.  Its mid-sized instead of compact, no v8, no solid axle, its a shorter wheelbase ranger with some gimmicks.

The bronco and CJ were some of the cheapeThere isn't some magic power level that is "safe" .

Its a spectrum.  If you run it hard, it will die at stock power levels.

If you're easy on it (no launches, only occasional pulls, no sustained load, keep the heat down), you can put quite a bit more through it.

4L60s are cheap to work on.  Just hit your power goals and rebuild the transmission &gt; And manual transmissions have recently advanced so much that they've actually 'down graded' - many manual trans iterations have lost their mechanical feel because they've gotten so soft, unlike the golden era in the 2000's.

A lot of modern manuals really are shit to drive.  If the first stick I drove had been this crosstrek I would have swornI do want it on the base engine for trucks.

I was about ready to order a tacoma until they basically made the price of entry $35k+ for a 4x4, 4 doors, and a manual transmission.

I just want a basic truck with steel wheels and a 4 cylinder.  A truck doesn't need to be fancy or fast.  Its literally there for me to throw shit in and carry it from A This entire sub thinks pony car = muscle car, when in reality there are pretty large differences.

Pony cars are compact 2+2's, where muscle cars were mid and full sized sedans.

Pony cars always handled well, despite what the memes say.  They were pretty much designed for trans-am racing from the beginning.  Muscle cars not so much.

Pony cars werYep, that problem is eliminated in many modern automatics, even some torque converter autos stay locked in each gear to give you engine braking and throttle response.

For example, the ZF8 found in many performance cars can behave basically like a DCT if it's programmed to.

Some economy car, SUV, and truck transmissions are still slushy turds thouI like the simplicity of a manual.  If you keep your cars for hundreds of thousands of miles then you are more likely to have expensive trouble with an auto.

I get better fuel economy with a manual.

A clutch replacement is something I can easily do in my garage, where replacing the bands and clutches in an auto is a lot more complicated.  Autos aLowering the compression ratio is done to combat knock.

The boost more than compensates for the lower static compression.  The mass air flow is much larger with the turbo than the engine would be N/A with higher compression.

Compression ratios are not PSI, they're the ratio of the cylinder+combustion chamber's volume at bottom dead center to top It depends on the system.

On a rally car, the center diff unlocks when you pull the handbrake so that the rear wheels can slide.

Otherwise, the parking brake usually won't be enough to get the wheels to actually lock up and slide the front tires and stall the engine.  They're usually just strong enough to hold a car on a hill, and have very littlDo you have pictures of the damage?

If the doors all work fine, the panels all line up, and the car aligns fine, and it doesn't have any obvious structural integrity issues (cracks or rust) then I wouldn't worry about it.

The main reason "structural damage" is an issue on cars is because it's hard to make the body panels fit right after a car hasYou are arguing yourself in circles here.

You admit that raising boost gets you more power, then go onto act like that's some imaginary thing that defies laws of physics.

Nowhere did I say that raising the specific power is the most cost effective solution to hitting a power goal.  That is you moving the posts, like everyone always does when thisAhh yes, the drag racing engine of choice

I wouldn't be so quick to call anything caterpillar reliable either.  Lol.

On a serious note, nobody is arguing that displacement is totally irrelevant.  They're arguing that a 10-20% boost in power doesn't necessarily require 10-20% more displacement.  Forced induction makes that sort of power gain possiI like how you're ignoring the concept of specific output just because nobody has happened to produce a roughly 270hp 1.5L.  Its not that it's impossible, nobody has bothered.

We could have this same discussion about 400hp 3 liters vs a 400hp 2 liters if you'd like.  What would you move the goal posts to in that case?  The AMG engine makes more po