For authenticity ... at the end of the night ...

1. take her "home"
2. stick your tongue all the way to the back of her throat on the first kiss
3. immediately after she stops gagging ask her if it was good
4. fumble with her bra clasp then sheepishly suggest that it might be better if she does it 
5. go down on her and try to find her clitoris, gYou're about to find out what early onset dementia sugar dating is all about. lol jk

I always have a bit of trouble getting women straight.  I have Meagan 1,2,3 and 4 on my phone right [now. lol](url)  So I create a contact with a face shot so I remember them individually.

Send him one pic only.. Promise more only if he's a good boy at your meet.OMG the first COVID Stimulus sugar. How did I not see this coming.

Okay. not to be too hard on you but you're kind of looking for something a little more escorty.  Great news !!! SA has become perfect for that need.  We complain about it all the time on this sub that are too many escortish type women on the site.  So our annoyance is your gain.

WMost will tell you that KIK is a red flag. but I like it because you don't have to reveal your cell number.  But that's also a reason that scammers use it.  Another red flag is that he's young and attractive.

So first establish that the pics aren't stolen and that he's not in Mumbai.  Then be wary of him trying to skip the M&amp;G.  He might try tDon't get butt hurt.  Of course not.  The crime is in the intention.  I had one intimate date and at the end of regular type activities she said she wanted me to pee on her next time maybe.  She didn't tell me at the M&amp;G for obvious reasons.  I didn't feel lie seeing her again.  So it doesn't make me a John.  A john type is not in for the mutuaThe legit SD's are on for a few weeks then gone for months to years.  SO you don't encounter as many as you might expect.

The ONS types, scammers and john's are on here 24/7.  They never find one person so they're always back and that's why they're over represented.

It's also why I like to browse SA periodically when I'm in an SR. When I'm lookinYou MUST take some initiative.  You're getting close so don't lose this POT if he's looking legit.  

YES. He has other options.  Vacation? maybe not. He may even be putting you on the shelf because he already had M&amp;G with someone and he's in the first date and seal the deal stage with her.

I do this EVERY TIME I'm on SA.  It's not personal anIn the spirit of learning, I'll give 2 examples of how I was scammed or taken advantage of even though for second scam, I was well versed being on this sub.

First time was when we were on a monthly allowance (last time I ever did monthly). After a couple of weeks she was becoming inattentive.  We were gangbusters with chemistry at the M&amp;G.  ThLessons learned.  That's the wisdom of this sub.  We've all resolved that PPM to start is necessary ... or as I prefer a regular weekly allowance and we see each other as often as we would like.

In addition, to every proposal there is a a protest and a counter argument.

"I prefer monthly.  A real SD would only offer a monthly allowance. "  ..... I've had a few good SR's from Tinder mostly but Bumble as well.  Some say outright that they're looking for an SD. Some say attracted to older men.  Some say want to be spoiled. Some say want to be taken car of . And some say nothing of the sort.

A few lines of small talk and the I ask if they're looking for a sugar relationship.  Things seem to gI was successful once.  It was a bartender at a restaurant that I ate at in the city where I do business away from home.  And it was months in the making as we built up rapport and familiarity. The friendliness and flirting progressed slowly.  

You have to try to master the art of conversation leading to flirting.  I'm very good at reading body laMaybe I'm providing too much? lol  1/4 of rent would be dirt cheap in my eyes.

I always ask them to tell me how much of an allowance they need to help with their expenses and that would make them happy.

Sometimes I bite when they say they don't know what to say.

I tell them to add up rent, utilities, cell phone and hair appointments etc.  And thI'm all for constructive tough love. Off colour jokes are okay.  Calling someone out is okay as well.  Plain insults should be banned.

I kinda liked when up and down votes could be visible.  You could agree with one side or the other in a disagreement without having to be insulting.  The down votes gets the hint that their attitude is at lest in tI kinda did this once.  I went out of my allowance range for a POT who was really pursuing me.  She was an a working actress trying to work her way up.  Drop dead gorgeous, nice, confident but not conceited.  Fantastic on the M&amp;G.  We had one real date.  It was great but not much better than any of my past experiences.  Then the second date kepCovid ended my SR in the city that I travelled to for work.  My client closed and will probably go bankrupt so I'm taking a year off for myself. 

My new SR has been going for 5 weeks and so far it's my best ever.  We have covid in good control here in Canada so it was time that we could widen our social circle by one at least.

My situation illust&gt; grateful for the supporters and haters in this subreddit. 

I like the wording of this.  

We can be anywhere from caring to very blunt in this forum.  Sometimes comments sting but they can make you think.  Everybody needs someone in their life to call bullshit.  To tell them they're not right,  That they should reconsider their stand.  If youMy only LDSR was with a flight attendant from Texas. I'm in Canada.

I specifically searched for flight attendant on SA for POT's.  And that's the only reason it worked for us.

She didn't fly into Canada but she was able to get free seats to visit me and I flew down to meet her in Texas.  We also flew to Vegas and Chicago for 4 or 5 day trips. It Finding a SB in the wild requires some game. Charm and good conversation.  There is no one line that you can use to find one.  You spark up a conversation, establish a rapport and gauge her reaction.  If you're sure that she's receptive, then you can start bringing up the subject.

Like I said, I did it over months.  I could see her warming up to mAs a matter of concern for her emotional well being... yes.  And I would probably demure from pursuing an SR with her.  I'm not privy to her underlying emotional state and it could be anywhere from fine to unstable.  I just don't need that in my SR.

I don't mean that to be cold and uncaring.  Sometimes we deal out tough love on this site.  You wanI try to say ... "sorry I don't think we're a great match.  Best of luck in your search."

Too many POT SB's start prying for reasons.  Some get butt hurt and respond rudely.  So it's hard to even have that conversation. I'm not about to tell them they're too unattractive and which aspects aren't doing it for me.

When I get blocked I don't take itVery sorry this happened to you.  And it's happening to girls today.  You're a victim of  guys with bad intentions.

SA is profit driven and things they could do to reduce the worst offenders would only cause them to  lose money so that won't happen

You probably weren't a good fit for a sugar relationship.  If you have no attraction for older men I defer that the best advice on here is from the SB's.  If you were male we wouldn't be having this kind of sensitive and caring discussion. (other than the dickweed who said auction it off).  Who I lost my virginity too couldn't have mattered more to me as a young man.  If it was a MILF it would have been my fantasy option.  

For some women it seHidden tattoos are zero problem. Full sleeves, neck or face not so much. I don't care for those septal piercings or excessive ear piercings.  Think elegant. That's what I want siting across from me.  Once I went to dinner at a top end restaurant and was wearing a dress shirt, sports coat, not tie.  She had jeans, heels and a cropped blouse.  That wConsider that I think most SD's are of an age and professional status that we shake our heads a little at tattoos.   Going out in public with a young woman with a lot of visible tattoos feels like it draws attention to my straight laced vibe.  Kinda like one of these  things is not like the other.  Same applies for bright coloured hair or a goth loLet's assume it's legit and he's just lonely.  See where it goes and no uncomfortable kinks pop up.  

There was a post of someone getting paid to let the guy watch her do things.  If he's happy and she's happy then power to them both.  

I once met a POT who told me about a guy who wanted her to yell at him and put him down in public places.  She I think it's an invasion.  But when I'm in allowance discussions, I always ask what she would need in an allowance to help cover her bills and expense make her feel happy.  That wording allows her to give me a number that would make her comfortable within the arrangement.

I often get asked back what allowance am I comfortable with and I respond thI agree with your comments.  I was just thinking that the "misuse" of platonic might be reduced even by the plausible deniability types.  I have never messaged any "platonic" tags and occasionally have received messages from them.  I've shut them down by saying that I don't think we're looking for the same thing. Now I wonder if I misunderstood. loAnother thing.  A story that I hear from an SB about her friend.

Fake SD offers a LARGE allowance per month.  But he says that HE has been screwed over by giving the allowance and then being ghosted by the SB. SO he only gives the full amount on the third intimate date.  After 2 intimate dates HE ghosts !!! Obviously he's off to the next gullible He''s not an SD and it's your fault for not finding that out first.  There was no talk of arrangement? Then it's on you.  Have that talk before you meet anyone.  He's looking for free sex.  And complaining about transportation costs make shim salty as hell.  

2 options

1. Take control of your fate. Tell him you need X per month to help with your My professional opinion is that there will definitely be an increased risk.  Especially in that disappointing viral petri dish called the USA.  But no country will avoid the increased risk.

Personally, I'm very happy that my current SB works in an office at reception and they're all out on PPE and precautions so I feel safer.

Monogamy.  Best situTo start with you're overthinking. 

Personally I wouldn't pay for a M&amp;G except for few exceptions.  If she has travel expenses like UBER to cover.  Maybe babysitting if you're into dating single mothers, I'm not. And finally I have given an exceptional SB a surprise gift because I actually want to show her that I'm legit and I want to get to tIn Canada.  Never heard of it.

Sounds shady as hell .... and likely illegal.  If you're the proprietor, then any money you take out in fake income could be fraud.

So he's not going to make you the sole proprietor of his company that makes no sense.  Sounds like he wants to create a company and make you a sole proprietor of that company.  You haveWhy is the SD the asshole for making you choose???? 

He has his preferences.  You CHOOSE to be open in your relationship and he CHOOSES monogamy (assuming he's single).  If he's married, there's some hypocrisy for sure.

I definitely only do monogamy.  And frankly I don't get what boyfriend is fine with his girlfriend stepping out.  I assume  he'sIf you're not at least minimally attracted, then you are in essence selling yourself.  It's hard to make that a sugar relationship.

Maybe you'll develop a friendship and attraction to him over time.

If you're okay faking it then that's your decision and maybe he doesn't care.  If i sense a lack of genuine connection on her part, I just don't get I think you should be sure that he wants to hear it or that he's feeling the same.   Much like a man shouldn't propose marriage unless he's sure of the answer.

Just after my divorce. My first 2 relationships were with women that weren't on the younger side.  Coincidentally neither was an allowance based arrangement, but I bought things because I w"I'm not a prostitute"

I understand the frustration of women's negative experiences on SA.  There are so many jerks that they encounter and I understand the urge to stand up and fight back.  But I hate negative vibes in a profile so when I see these words, i just pass.  They might be lovely but those words make them seem jaded.  

Anyone else say RAVE:  5 weeks into my new SR.  Best start in 5 years.  She's smart and beautiful.  We have the same sense of humour and are starting to finish each others sentences.  She wants to get together a lot more than anyone in my past.  Sex is amazing in this honeymoon phase and neither of us seems to be able to get enough.  I think this will be a great lGo get what you want. Don't be passive.

Once, I had 3 M&amp;g's setup.  I get a message from a 4th. I told her that I'm meeting a few people soon and I don't want to waste her time so good luck and maybe I'll hit you back if I don't find my match.  She says "Well, I think I should be on the top of your list".  Lol.  Nice game girl.  So we meet andHe should be aware enough that he has an unwritten obligation to support you until you officially breakup.  

It would be a bit degrading that you should have to ask for or remind him of the allowance. That being said, "Hey. Hope everything is going well.  I really hate to bring this up but I have some bills that are due so i could really use my alMy longest SR was almost 2 years. She paid off all her debts.  Finished school debt free. Travelled. Got tattoos and piercings.  Clothes etc.  And put a big down payment on a car.  She was very happy with our SR. (as was I)

So it isn't a stretch. But I personally have ZERO interested in a SB with other men in her life.  It's a choice that she has That's a tough call.  Curvy definitely fits.  But TOO MANY profiles say curvy when they should say a few extra pounds or just plain overweight.  So many black and Latina women have a THIN waste but are busty and bootylicious .... so CURVY also applies.

Whenever I return to the bowl, I tend to start a new search with slim, then expand to Athletic almfao.  More   poom-poom box ; skip the soap.

wtf is with girls and soap as gifts? lol

Just be available and accommodating and just you.  I wouldn't let him go because you know the dregs that SA is and you don't want to go back into that cesspool anytime soon.  Also deactivate your account.  Maybe tell him that you did so and didn't block him on Famous quote "Why do your rob banks?" .... "Because that's where the money is"

SD's have cash. Some random Tinder shmope probably doesn't

They might also be relying on the victim's being married and not being willing to go the police.  They could lose a lot more $$$ in the divorce so maybe they will just take the loss and shut up.  Article didn'tI've had pretty good success in Toronto with Tinder (less with Bumble).  But no other websites that I found to be good.  I thought I was done with sugaring so I activated a Millionaire match account to find a vanilla relationship.  Very small pool so not worth it.  I ended up with more hit from young women and ended right back in a sugar relationshThat's hard to say.  Don't take my post as the authoritative answer.  Because I don't know him and I don't know you or your relationship.

Even as an educated kind man, I still have those caveman leave me alone while I deal with my stuff feelings.  It's common.  I definitely have had friends bounce shit off me and vent but it has to be on their terHe's probably done.  It's not fair.

Women want to talk about everything.  Men internalize, ruminate and digest stuff.  We let it stew.  It's not great but that's what we do.   We are still solitary jungle beasts.  We like our brotherhood companionship but we deal with our own shit on our own (most of the time).   
 When our friend is in situation Exactly.  This is an affair.  Almost impossible to move to a sugar relationship. 

So why not just get into a sugar relationship with someone else.  Keep this guy or dump him.  I would make it open in the sugar bowl that you have a boyfriend.  Some are okay with that if you're upfront.  I'm not but to each his own.

After all he isn't being monogamI'm going to take this post as a sincere reflection.

I can relate with you in that my background feels similar to yours.  My parents didn't contribute one cent to my education because they just didn't have anything to give. I don't resent or blame them one bit.  If I wanted anything but the basic clothing in high school, I had to buy t myself (ie I've heard this from most SB's in the past.

I think most SD's can admit that we were terrible lovers when we were young too.  We just thought that she was having a good time as long as we were.  Being with different partners over the years  definitely helped to understand what a woman needs.

A few SB's have said that the first time they ever cameThat is definitely the definition of salt.  I had a vanilla date at a steak place last week.  I knew that I had no interest 5 minutes in.  She reached for her purse but I said don't bother It's my pleasure. I always pay, even when I have no intensest in sleeping with her !!! lol

Actually, once when having first time drinks, this woman and I had a Yes, absolutely if she's into it and into girls as well.

I had SB's who were best friends. We've all seen those DUO accounts before.  They were straight and just liked the safety etc of being with the same guy.  Overall, a little overrated.  It's a lot of pressure to be there for 2 women.  I preferred when i saw them individually.  Three together If he doesn't bring it up then you have to do it yourself.  I've had some of my best SR's from bumble and Tinder.  If they say "looking for a SD" then it's straightforward.  But others say looking for a "generous older man"  or "something mutually beneficial".  That's sugar speak that we're  all used to here.  My opening line is "So you're looking LOL.  Yep.  There is so much confusion about terms and what they actually mean.

Iv'e seen too many profiles with both Platonic and FWB tags.  Maybe FWB if you're a DILF , otherwise it's platonic for you Quasimodo?

Mutually beneficial?   I benefit by you paying for my bills and you benefit by getting to see my smiling face across from you in an exIf I understand this correctly, you an't be sure that he hasn't tried to contact you?  If you can't say that your KIK was working.

My guess i that he tried to contact you, no response from you and he figures that you ghosted him.  

Other options  ...

1. he died in a car accident.
2. met someone else and figured he didn't owe you an explanation bThat's why I prefer regular periodic allowances and dates that are whenever we can and want to fit them into our schedule.  So it doesn't bother me if we hangout platonically during heavy days.  

On the other hand, I think most married men are used to sex during the period.

My current SB was very much in the mood recently but her Aunt Florence waI always insist that she tells me what would help with her expenses to make her more comfortable and more able to reach her goals.

If her ask is higher than my range then I wish them good luck.  I don't think she should settle.  And I never "negotiate".  That's repugnant to me.

If I can cover her needs, then I prefer to meet whenever we both can I would assume she's lost interest or seeing somebody else.

Once I had one of my SB's who started being hard to connect with.

So my dormant SA account gets a message from her. She cropped her face out but I recognized the dress that I bought her.

I paid my SA account activation just to see her message to me. She asked to see my private pics.   IThis.  He probably found somebody.  SO you're on the back burner.  DON"t get offended if you actually liked him.  Maybe things won't work out with the other woman and he might hit you back up.  Keep searching.  

If you pester him or block him because of hurt feelings then it's on you.  I never take anything personally.  I actually prefer to be blo" His response was a request to view my private photos. IMO, this request was lazy, entitled and quite frankly."

I always see women who say "Don't ask to see my private photos without saying Hello first."

Then I get tons of request photos messages without any salutation.

It goes both ways.

It's an SD's market.  SO yeah maybe he does feel entitlSome say it straight out.  Others I have matched with didn't but then I bring it up.  But seriously, why would a 20 something match with a 40 something.  She wants a sugar relationship.  I just bring it up in the first message.

To avoid getting banned on GRINDr, here is your approach.  Don't say sugar daddy.  Just describe what you want in a relat