Except Auba plays LW for us full time at this point. I don't understand how Willian offers anything other than less playing time for Saka and Martinelli. I understand your point about veterans, but what are Auba, Laca, Luiz, Xhaka, Leno? I know sports fine, bud, but thanks for the unnecessary insult, though. This sub is so absurdly combative and toI don't pretend to understand tactics and team makeup even close to as much as Arteta, but I think there's a completely valid financial argument against Willian. He's old as hell, has zero resale value, and costs a lot compared to a youngster who would probably still be cheaper when you combine their wages and transfer fee. We need to rebuild. PayiIt was honestly kind of stunning. He wanted to leave and we sold him to rival no less just to please him. Also, when it's largely your fault that Arsenal didn't win a title because you couldn't get a goal for three months despite having prime Ozil, have a bit of humility. He's just proven to be a different person than I thought he was and it's disaWhile I agree there's some dummies out there, so much of this is driven by the dismantling and corruption of the public education system. Letting racist Texans decide what should be in textbooks and letting them get away with things like calling the civil war "the war of northern agression", no one put their foot down. Then Facebook and the like caIt's literally mob type language. Expecting autocratic leaders to just say outright that they're commiting a crime is a little naive. It seems that a lot of what the court said was "there seems to be suspicious stuff going on, but we don't have all the information we need to confirm that." And they didn't get all the evidence they could have becausHarry Wilson had 7 goals for Bournemouth, which I think we can all agree was a worse team than Crystal Palace this year with them getting relegated. If a 22 year old on loan with a relegation side can score more than a 27 year old who is heralded as some great talent in a team that is crafted around his skill, we should not spend 40m on that 27 yeaI feel like I'd prefer Cantwell if we're grabbing someone from Norwich. He's more of a two way player and I think that eventually Arteta is looking at switching to a 4-3-3 that requires a bit more industry from the midfielders.

Edit: I was also super confused at David Brooks at first because there's a right-wing columnist for the NY Times with thaI guess this is partly because I don't watch any twitch D&amp;D streams because I don't like the Critical Role style of "watch our entire session, including things like arguing about rules, etc." stream. The closest I get to that is Dimension 20. I'm much more a podcast person (naddpod, adventure zone, of rude tales, DnDnD, dungeons and daddies, etI suspect it also depends what the adventure you're running is. I actively run a fairly sandboxy style of game and I like improv so it's mostly presenting them with possible hooks and the making sure to at least give them a few choices on how to proceed after every milestone or event in the game. I run games in a homebrew world I've thought about aI will say that I tend to try to make my players backstories as much a part of the game as possible. Especially for new players because I think it gives them more of a sense of how cool DnD can be when something they came up with gets tied into a larger story or quest. 

What I try to do is separate them out. So someone gets a little bit of their bI would disagree with this a bit. My last session for one of the games I DM, I made an offhand joke about a tavern being a bit of a socialist commune that would accept other forms of payment and they chose to put on a concert where the bard was backed up by magic from the casters. Meanwhile the barbarian decided to have an arm wrestling match with I just don't know that history bears that out. Like has been stated, he took Dortmund from 13th to 1st in three years. He helped fund Dortmunds continued success through sales of developed talents, same as how Dortmund runs now. With Palace he probably sells Zaha and tries to use that money to find more Robertson's than VVDs. Not saying it would beExcept you countered you own argument in the second sentence. He funded the moves by selling a player. That player just happened to sell for crazy money so he could buy some high quality talent. He's also gotten Andy Robertson for basically nothing. Turned Salah and Mane in world beaters. I'm not even a Liverpool fan, but this is ridiculous. So to Again, zero evidence from you. The folks in this thread are irrelevant. The rule of the law says that's at least a card. Me being the only one addressing it is also irrelevant. There's clearly lots of folks like you that have a boomer-esque mentality of "the game is rough and this stuff happens". Except...every other sport addresses stuff like thisThis has been a problem in football for awhile. I have complained about it repeatedly. I'm not sure you know what pent up means, but my point about reckless play was that Davies could clearly see what was going on. This is no different than "defenseless receiver" rules, or anything else to protect folks who are forced to not look in front of them dThere are ways to make that challenge without flying in with an elbow. It happens every week. This is a specific incident. Smith had already touched the ball and was looking up. Davies, seeing this, launches himself into an unsuspecting player in an aerial challenge with his arms up at a level they could hurt somone and with a level of force that wOkay, but swinging your elbow into someone's head is reckless play. Regardless of if he has a right to challenge, he needs to challenge safely. The second he's dangerous about it, he should be penalized. How is going into a challenge and clipping someone's foot or leg but getting the ball a problem but this isn't? There's zero logic to that. You'reHow is that not at least a yellow for dangerous play? Intentional or not Vardy kicked someone in the head.

Edit: for the folks downvoting this who apparently don't know the rules.

Playing in a dangerous manner is any action that, while trying to play the ball, threatens injury to someone (including the player themself) and includes preventing a nBiden's policies aren't remotely close to a true progressive. This is really intellectually dishonest and Biden has shown again and again when asked questions without consultants there to answer for him, that he is painfully moderate. He's told climate activists not to vote for him, offered to give MORE money to the police, and still says he'd vetoIf you're interested in learning, I would suggest something like the Adventure Zone, NADDPOD, or Dimension20. Critical Role is very heavy and a bit inaccessible, especially if you start at the first campaign. They didn't really design the show for folks with new interest with their 4 hour long, lore heavy episodes. The ones I mentioned tend to takeThey said the same thing about Nixon and that piece of shit has a library like everyone else. Nothing will happen to Trump. His image will be rehabilitated and no one will pay for any crimes. If Reagan didn't pay for Iran Contra and Nixon didn't pay for watergate, Trump is going to skip out of office with hundreds of millions stolen and no one willIf FDR was espousing more progressive policies than Biden, then how is Biden more progressive? If FDR was espousing policies that were more progressive than Biden's 80 years ago, what does that say about Biden and his platform? If over 60% of the electorate wants M4A but Biden says he'd veto it, how does that make him progressive?

This isn't aboutAlso, the Kurds lives are on his hands. The children who have died in and disappeared from the border camps. The lives of those victims of the uptick in racially motivated violence. There's a lot you can stack up. I still maintain that people forget how awful Bush was. He literally lied to the American public to force us into a war that financiallyWolverine doesn't rage? His bezerker rage is a massive component of his character. There are arcs spanning years of books that address his problem with descending into an animalistic rage state.

Beyond that, I was more thinking the approach to death the zealot takes. How you just pop up or keep going. You could flavor the radiant damage as a pieceI mean, it was kind of a joke, but I think you can play with most of the subclasses enough to find ways to play the equivalent of a superhero. For wolverine I feel like he could be a high level zealot barbarian with some monk levels too probably. I think the leveling up part is what would make it a little hard for a lot of translations. So many supJesus Christ, you fucking love arguing semantics. If a massive far-right movement of tens of millions of people are decided to use anti-globalism as an anti-semitic dog whistle, it really doesn't matter what you think about it. And the right spouting that stuff in Britain is the same folks spouting it in the US. The person was saying anti globalismMisled when there was absurd amounts of info out there rebutting the misinformation. Disenfranchised means they were stripped of their rights, not disillusioned. They were stripped of no rights, in fact they were offered more in the EU. Anti-globalism is just racism in sheep's clothing. 

Your argument is "hey, let's give the willfully ignorant andShow me where the fuck it says anything about Eminem in this intial response?

Honestly, a lot of rappers had terrible upbringings, and it's kinda inspiring.

A$AP Rocky had to sell crack because his father was in prison and his brother was murdered, and lived in various homeless shelters until he joined the A$AP Rap Group.

Jay Z was also a drug dYou clearly do need to look it up and maybe retake your program if you think that there are no psychological benefits to being rich. Even in my fucking MBA courses we talked about studies that demonstrated how happiness is heavily correlated with wealth up until about $115k and then it plateaus. Happiness and stability contribute massively to mentaAre you stupid? Money brings ease and peace of mind. It can also generate confidence and simply by not wanting for things it provides massive psychological assistance. Look up Maslow's Heirarchy of needs. You're waaaaaay out of pocket here and there's massive amounts of data detailing the privilege of the wealthy. I'm not wasting my time on you anyCool, enjoy being an condescending dick. I was responding to the fact that they were choosing to limit the conversation to only hip hop artists, specifically ones of color, who really are working with a completely different framework than someone like Ariana. 

Reading comprehension is hard, but maybe try to follow the thread a little harder next tI can't speak to rapping, since I'm a white kid from the suburbs, but I have multiple professional musician friends, singers and instrumentalists. Trust me, unless you get lucky, that shit is expensive. Voice lessons and dance training are hugely beneficial and both are insanely expensive. Networking isn't remotely as simple as you say, and it's a Except it's not. This is the problem a lot of folks are dealing with with people like Bloomberg. We cannot conceive of their level of privilege, because we have no reference for it. The difference between Jay Z and Chance is not where close to the difference between Chance and Ariana. Mathematically and in terms of true purchasing power and socio eDoesn't that feel a little problematic? We shouldn't act like POC or people from impoverished areas are "lucky" just because they have solid parents with good jobs. It's not really fair to set a different standard for Hip Hop artists just because they're overwhelmingly POC. If anything it serves as a reminder that when black people are "lucky", theYou're literally discounting what people remember in a political race. If you want to talk about people not knowing what they're talking about, you've got it right there. As someone who has literally done research into how people make decisions in US political elections, yes throwing a zinger that everyone remembers is more important in today's worI'm not sure what outlets you were consuming, but that wasn't the narrative in any of my consumption. This isn't about whether or not I like Warren. It's about the very clear fact that the vast majority of the public and the media agree on, that Warren "won" the debate. 

I also don't think Sanders was perfect. I think Bloomberg did a really good jYou've clearly got a massive bias in the way here, but sure go off on how you feel. I'll be sitting her in reality where Warren got all the headlines, media, and massive fundraising dollars. I'm not shitting on Bernie, but he definitely wasn't the biggest winner coming out of the debate. You folks need to get off Bernie's dick and come back to realYeah, this is just wrong. Whatever your feelings about Warren, she handily won that debate. Bernie did a good job and didn't take too many hits despite being the frontrunner which is a very good thing for maintaining his position. He was lucky to get so little attention, honestly, but everyone was smacking Bloomberg and Pete and Amy were screaming If they're canvasing with zero passion, I'm not sure that helps. That's kind of the opposite of the attitude needed for it. 

I get their feeling. Doing anything for Pete would genuinely make me feel sick, I find him to be abhorrent. Maybe instead of trying to push a narrative of "you have to" shift more toward "find other ways to help then". Give The Senate quite possibly may never be Democratic again. Unless we see enough shifts in states like Texas, Arizona, and Nevada, where they become reliably blue, there just aren't enough seats in democratic leaning states. The Senate is fundamentally undemocratic, and the GOP has done a great job taking complete control of it, starting with the tea Lots of those people make a fraction of what the large stars make. Your point is that everyone is a hypocrite and can't stand up for anything, essentially. Like I said, no one is free from doing evil shit by your metrics. If I buy an iPhone, I'm perpetuating a system of virtual slave labor in East Asian countries. Literally no one is free from thisYour "real job" definition is patently absurd. Literally 90% of the jobs out there aren't required for "the survival of the human race". If that's your argument, hunters and farmers are really the only important jobs.

Not sure what you swipe at me about respective g artists is about. Your disdain for the arts is clear and kind of absurd considerinI mean, eat the rich but...

Acting is a real job. They get paid for it, they are schooled for it, and it is at times incredibly grueling and boring. Just because they make way more money than you for something you seem to think is unnecessary, doesn't mean it's not a real job. The narrative that it's not just comes across as incredibly petty and fYou completely missed my point. The fans are irrelevant. He had an unacceptable outburst on international television while doing his job that he gets paid absurdly well to do. He has never apologized for his juvenile outburst that would get any normal person fired. He just deflected and blamed it on personal issues. Lots of people have issues in thNah, man. It's his job. If I scream "Fuck off!" at the customers in any job, I'm probably getting fired. Not sure why he gets some arbitrary leeway for being completely unprofessional. Lots of famous people get abuse online. Lots even get death threats. He's lucky he's not black and getting the racial abuse they get. I get why you're upset with theThis is assuming that they were 100% when they played. I suspect we won't see 100% Holding and Bellerin until maybe late this season or starting next season. Reminds me a lot of Gordon Hayward's injury for the Celtics a few years ago (sorry for the NBA ref). Freakish knee stuff can take a bit for them to not only feel good, but feel safe using the You're missing the entire point. If you want to do a UBI, fine. Don't take programs away from them just so you can give everyone money. You're making so many assumptions with taxation and spending that are just huge leaps, especially when taxes will just get massively cut by the next conservative administration. Tossing away the protections that exAre you missing the point? Oh, yes, you are. Don't take away welfare from poor people. You want to give them more, awesome. Having lived below the poverty line for large portions of my life, I can tell you that would be helpful. If you're stripping away food stamps to do it, no thanks. If you're taking away food stamps to give someone $1000, they aThe UBI isn't really progressive. At least Yang's isn't. It requires you to forgo benefits like Food Stamps to get it. If you get $700 in food stamps a month, you really only get a $300 bump. Someone making six figures would get that same $1000 UBI without giving anything up. The current structure is fundamentally classist. Yang knows this, which sI recently had shoulder surgery to shave down the edge of my clavicle. It was popped out when I was a kid and the surgery then would have been too invasive. I finally decided to address the pain 18 years later because grad school insurance was dope. Very glad I did it, but I feel for Tierney right now. It was a triumph just to raise my arm to shoulWe don't. We're in the endgame now. IMO, the only way the Dems can claw back anything is by using the same tactics. We should be talking to France and Germany about putting money into our elections to combat this shit. If Steyer and Bloomberg won't do what they should and just put $100 mil into anti Trump ads and quit the race, the only way out tha
Maybe you were trying to have a conversation, but to me you came across as extremely condescending. I apologise if the reaction felt outsized, but your tone in the comment came across in a very infantalizing way. You came across to me as passive aggressive as well, so maybe there is some mutual introspection that should occur here. Also triggered If you think Kola over Tierney and Xhaka over Torreira are in the best interest of the club, that's kind of a weak argument.

Beyond that, the whole atttiude of "you aren't in training so you don't know anything" is so pointless. Plus it's inaccurate. We see them play. That's literally what they're paid to do. If someone performs better during actuI mean...yes? At this point, I expect results like this, but an 18 year old with 8 top flight starts vs someone who had over 20 goals in Ligue 1 last year is a pretty ballsy choice. I'm not saying that means you should go ballistic over it, but it's definitely questionable. He had a bunch of questionable decisions. Xhaka over Torreira. Or Kola overI just got mine. They seriously nerfed Warforged and took away all the interesting aspects in my opinion. They're basically just androids now.

+2 CON
+1 of your choice

Constructed resilience:
-you have advantage on saving throws against being poisoned and have resistance to poison damage
-you don't need to eat, drink, or breathe
-immune to diseasIt's less that I'm assuming he can, it's more that I'm assuming Emery can't, so why not try something else? He's coached the u23s for a few years and was brought up this year to be the assistant, switching roles with Bould. I'm not saying it's a long term solution, but Arsenal is kind of in a "throw shit at the wall and it's probably better than thAh, I expected you folks sooner. I've posted lots of evidence backing up my points. When you can show me some evidence refuting it, maybe a discussion can actually be hard. Until then, your non sequitur "he's a lib" kind of comment is clearly just a deflection from the fact that you can't justify what barstool, it's founder, its employees, and it'sThat's how it used to be, yes. This isn't necessarily true anymore, especially with the explosion of podcasts, but I suspect you don't consider those radio. Here is radio software that specifically talks about recording audio from digital calls through things like Skype. That wouldn't exist if it wasn't being used. I don't know what to tell you herIt's run by a misogynistic, narcissistic cretin who violates labor laws openly online and spews vile bigoted bullshit at people who call him out on his shit. Large portions of their "funny stuff" is just lifted from other people who actually created it. He has a legion of assholes he sends after people on Twitter because he thinks that harassment aWho is we here? It seems a lot of people are conflating abuse from a small group of fans online with people being upset at poor play and general disrespect from Xhaka. This started with people being upset he was strolling off the field. The. He threw the armband. Then he taunted the crowd and told them to fuck off. This is his fucking job. He gets 