&gt; What a smooth-brain take, "even though App A is doing thing you can't ban it because it's technically possible App B is doing thing even though someone would have noticed by now like with App A."

Not an argument. Prove Reddit app isn't spying on you.

&gt; Also the Constitution doesn't protect godless commie spyware, cuck.

Yes, it does. Try &gt; Taxes are the price you pay for living in society.

And that price should go up because...?

&gt; Taxes should be paid by your ability to do so. 

Says who? How about you start a coffee shop that charges people based on their salary. See how long you last.

&gt; The rich have much more of an ability to pay and therefore should.

"The rich" alrI never said anything about cutting taxes on the rich. I said raising the taxes back to nominal rates we had in the 50s without the corresponding available deductions will cause them all to flee. Because it will.

And, why are you ignoring the brackets that the middle class paid back then too? Because you hope they will be dumb enough to vote for t&gt; Good point! An exact reason to ban an app that is spyware from them to use for god knows what! 

"They're authoritarians so we should be too" is a terrible reason.

&gt; We have no control over what they are harvesting, from our children even, so we should make sure they cannot do that.

Yes you do. Don't download the app. Don't allow it on yo&gt; Next time just say you don't understand what's happening.

So, none.

&gt; Yeah you guys keep saying that and it's always proven wrong.

No it isn't. Why do you think people come to America right now? Because the place they came from has draconian taxes or regulations that make it impossible to make more money. You want to turn America into th&gt; You think the only way to create jobs is to ensure the rich are as rich as possible.

How many jobs have *you* created?

&gt; If the local Arby's manager flees to Ireland in a fit over having to pay any taxes someone else will replace him because the demand would remain.

Except they won't, because they can make the same amount of money at a l&gt; Oh because rich people earning more than a million exist.

And then you need to go back and answer my original question.

&gt; Would you lose 90% of your income in my scenario?

It's not about me. It's about the people who will, and will therefore leave, taking their productive skills with them. This is exactly what happens every time any othe&gt; We know that a creature with 46 chromosomes containing 3,088,286,401 base pairs is a human. That is essentially the biological definition of a human.

Except it's not. It will have both false positives and false negatives. And in 10,000 years, assuming humanity survives, it will render *nobody* a human. It's a *terrible* definition.

&gt; I'm &gt; If you live in my community where I raise my children then yeah I do.

No, you don't. You don't own a "community."

&gt; You have to follow the rules.

See? Fucking moron thinks "anarchism" is when "follow the rules we set for you."

&gt; I fixed it for you.

No you didn't, dipshit. Capitalists don't go around babbling about "the greater good.&gt; Yep! But we impose licensing restrictions on usage of cars because they are dangerous, register who owns them, and record their sale every time.

That's not why "we" do that. "We" do that to harvest revenue from tax cattle. Having a license doesn't make you a safe driver.

&gt; But I do have rights against undue interference by them.

Meaningl&gt; They want something different. They have information about quantities and possible rates of consumption. They can negotiate based on this and resolve the conflict in a variety of ways.

And your society will never arrive on the answer that best conserves titanium and steel.

&gt; This voting takes place at the local business level, among peopl&gt; Yeah, I have? Genome mapping has exploded since the turn of the millenium to the point where for the last couple of years we cannot only correctly identify a cell as being human but also with near certainty determine which individual the cell originates from.

Genome mapping cannot tell you DNA is "human." It can tell you that a sample of DNA &gt; Everyone does that.

False. (Real) Anarchists don't.

&gt; We all don't want people walking around raping people or hurting others. If you do, you're the problem

Raping and hurting others *is* seeking to control them. Rapists and murderers are exactly like leftists, except they don't have the illusion that their crimes are "for the greater go&gt; It concerns me because information can be used in dangerous or manipulative ways and having no limit on the way it is used can give people a LOT of power. 

So? Cars can be used in dangerous ways. We don't outlaw cars. We outlaw committing violence to people.

&gt; Marc Goodman wrote an exceptional book on point: Future Crimes. It has nothing &gt; Those people would be counterbalanced by people who want to use the titanium for something else. 

And again, you have no way to determine between the two.

&gt; This can be done with consensus building and negotiation among different stakeholders.

No, it can't. Everybody understands a car. Very few people understand why titanium might be nec&gt; The study was looking for proteins indicating inflammation in the heart. 

OMG NOT INFLAMMATION. THAT CAN ONLY BE CAUSED BY A RESPIRATORY VIRUS LOL!!!!

&gt; This is mostly for other people who find this thread, since you're clearly not open to discussion. Bye.

I missed the part where they tested people who didn't have COVID. Ever heard of a &gt; But what do you do about Facebook building profiles on non-users? 

Why does it concern you? Were you mad about the phone book too? Are you mad that I might tag your Reddit username, even if you never replied to me?

&gt; Or what about finance? You cannot get a loan for a house without getting a credit check. 

Of course you can. You might not&gt; A huge fraction of those who recover have lingering problems

\&gt;When "huge" means single digit %s.

Guess how many people have lingering problems from the flu? That's right - just about the same.

&gt; Just yesterday a study was released showing evidence of heart damage in 78% of patients. 

You fucking moron, those people had that heart "d&gt; First of all, It doesn’t just affect the elderly. 

First of all, yeah, it pretty much does. The median age of people who die of COVID is greater than the average lifespan by about 10 years.

&gt; Secondly, why the fuck is the economy(aka the stock market) more important that people lives.

Moron, the economy is how food gets to your grocery s&gt; You should probably rephrase this. I do not know what you are saying here.

You are imagining that you can look at the sets [x1, y1, z1] and [x2, y2, z2] *before* deciding on paper or ceramic and then make your decision based on, I guess polls of what people want. But you won't even know what those variables are until *after* you've chosen pap&gt; Preferences are not fixed, they are not objective and they differ between individual/communties and enterprises. If different individuals have different preferences but finite resources, then they negotiate, sometimes they uses testing (formal or informal science) to discover their own preferences, most of the time they will discover that havi&gt; Sure, but it wasn't a person.

A fetus is also not a person. A person can engage in reason and philosophy, and articulate the rights it has that it insists you are violating.

&gt; I have to wonder though, is your argument that I should be ok with abortion or that I shouldn't be ok with eating meat?

I think your stance on the two should coinc&gt; But it's literally a property right!

It's a property right because they bought the property from the previous owner. Just how you bought your computer.

&gt; If I plant an apple tree in your garden you're entitled to the apples.

No, that's not how it works at all. You don't get to put things in my garden at all without my permission. To obta&gt; So you're not actually contradicting what I'm saying you just say "they actually do have a right to other people's labor products if a specific social interaction I consider legitimate occurs beforehand."

No, it's not a "right." It's them agreeing to do it. If you and a woman agree to have sex, that doesn't mean you have a "right" to sex with&gt; I'm not a Christian but I still think killing unborn children because the person practices extremely poor self control is pretty objectively horrible.

"I still think ... objectively."

Nah. Try again.

&gt; And I didn't say I think it should be illegal, I just don't think it should be government funded under any circumstance. It should be cul&gt; You should not be allowed to be fired for labor organizing

Bullshit. A job is a relationship between two parties. If one party no longer wishes to be in the relationship, for ANY reason, you have no right to insist otherwise.

&gt; There are countries where this right is denied and it’s a tad racist of you to not want those countries to enjoy&gt; Right to organize labor unions

Where in the west is this right denied? You have the right to organize, but you don't have a right to not be fired.

&gt; right to a decent standard of living

No such thing. Standards of living are provided by other people. You have no right to the labor of other people.

&gt; rights for migrant workers.

What &gt; And I can agree on rape victims or threat to the mother's life. Those are instances where I think abortion is ok, though if a rape victim should wish for whatever reason to carry to term that should of course be allowed as well.

Why is your opinion relevant? If you don't want an abortion, don't get one. Other people can make their own criteri&gt; Since it’s so subjective and essentially left to arbitration with no concrete basis, wouldn’t it be best just to play it safe?

Play it safe to what end? So that some deity not everyone believes in won't be mad at you when you die? Do you really believe there's some cosmic scoreboard out there that will penalize you for aborting something thatIt's not that masks "don't do anything," but that they "don't do anything to prevent the spread of COVID (or any other respiratory virus)." Health professionals need them because they deal with sick people all day, and masks stop airborne *bacteria* which can wreak havoc on a building full of the sick, immuno-compromised, or people with open woundsNothing about government preferences there.

The reality is, governmental preference for big business isn't explicit, but rather "accidental" in the very regulations people like you cheer for. And I put "accidental" in quotes since I'm pretty sure they know damn well it favors big business but just pretend it is for consumer protection so that cons&gt; Terrible argument.

No, it's the same thing. Both parties must consent to engage in mutual cooperation.

&gt; If you ask one woman for a date and she says no, then tells every other one of her friends not to date you unless you spend money, they have the power in that dynamic and you have nothing. You could be the best one for her to date, butAh yes, the ONE study showing masks do "something" for coronaviruses but not other viruses of the same size, where the researchers deliberately interfered with test subjects by telling them how to wear the masks and then just let them go home early instead of swapping the control group with the experimental group.

Now read the 50 other studies thaMost of the people who go to classical music concerts are upper class white liberals and socialists. Part of me wants them to have their diversity orchestras, just so I could see a video of these socialists giving a standing ovation to the worst concert ever heard.

Stuff like this actually happened in the early USSR. They considered traditional in&gt; Are you questioning the validity of an article with "Here's the Science Behind [the issue]" in it's title

Uhh yes. Because that's not how science is determined.

&gt; published under the news section of a university's website (.edu)

How long do I have to spend on this university website before I find an article about how white people can't b&gt; When did I say that rising prices with a constant money supply is not inflation?

That's your whole argument, numbnuts.

&gt;  very clearly defined inflation as a devaluation of money due to oversupply,

No, numbnuts, you said a devaluation of money due to the "value" of money changing. Which is a fucking tautology. I love that you used the wo&gt; I'm with you... I like to read studies and try to interpret them, but I'm also not going to argue when numerous people who have actual expertise in the field tell me the study is flawed or the conclusion isn't saying what I assume it's saying.

But they don't have expertise in the field. The people with expertise in the field are the ones *doi&gt; The conclusions are written by scientists, not infallible gods

OK, so attempt to replicate the experiments performed on masks and show that masks actually work. This opportunity is available to thousands of scientists. Why is nobody doing it? Doesn't anyone *care* whether or not masks work? Or is it that the only people who care all just magiWhat results are curiously missing are actual studies performed on masks that show they work. Why is it that all the actual controlled experiments done on masks show little to know effectiveness, while all the studies saying masks "work" are always simulations, projections, models, statistical analyses based on looking at geographical areas with noI'm not. I said *YOU* might not understand the experiment or the statistical analysis. Plenty of other people do. That includes the people who review the studies for publishing as well as thousands of readers who would happily take the opportunity to refute a bad study, along with millions of amateurs like myself who read the studies for informatio&gt; It absolutely is relevant. 

No, it isn't. You cannot compare these two things mathematically and get coherent results. Math simply does not work that way.

&gt; You wanna know why poverty exists on any level? It's because of people like this.

You can't really be this fucking stupid, can you? Poverty has always existed. Long before capitalism&gt; The peer-reviewed study quoted that you disliked is here in full.

That's nice. It's not a study about the efficacy of masks. It's a post hoc analysis of what happened after mask mandates were put in place. Does it look at areas that never had a mandate? (Spoiler - NO). Does it account for confounding factors? (Spoiler - NO). You are not givin&gt; The supply of the currency relative to demand.

Yes. The supply. Not "the value" as you just said. Which means falling prices with a constant money supply IS NOT DEFLATION ACCORDING TO YOUR DEFINITION.

&gt; The value of a currency is defined in terms of the ratios of goods that currency can buy. 

You are trying to argue that a constant money&gt; My definition of deflation is an aggregate fall in prices due to an increase in the value of the currency 

No asshole, your definition was about prices changing due to the *supply* of the currency, not due to the "value" of the currency changing. What the fuck does that even mean? It means nothing. It's a fucking tautology. You got caught in Did you even read that? It is a study about "mask mandates," not about masks preventing the spread of COVID. It also has no control whatsoever. The growth rate slowed down after a mandate? Wow. So the fuck what? Prove the mandate caused the effect. Show me the data in states without mandates.

JFC do you even know what a scientific study looks like&gt; Here's a nice economics for babies explanation that may help clear up your confusion.

I'm not the confused one, and I'm not interested in crap written by modern astrologers who redefine words to suit their astrological pursuits.

&gt; So...deflation sets in basically?

LOL! Moron.. by your own fucking definition, it wouldn't be deflation!

&g&gt; What you claimed (and continue to claim) was that increasing the supply of money causes inflation.

No.. proving you can't read. I said it *is* inflation. Because that's what the word means.

&gt; As more and more goods are traded on a market, more money is needed to mediate the exchange.

Pure nonsense. You don't need more money. Prices will &gt; Comments like this make you sound disingenuous

Uhh what? Unless you are 60+, the flu is much more deadly than COVID. That's reality.

&gt; If you'd been paying attention you'd know the purpose of the masks isn't to prevent you from getting sick. It's to inhibit the spread to others, particularly while the recently infected are asymptomatic.

&gt; Nobody is telling you that you should have been wearing a mask. People are saying that you should be wearing now.

Based on what? I am at far higher risk of dying from flu than COVID.

&gt; Like the doctors are.

Which doctors? The ones that have studied the efficacy of masks and read those studies? Or the ones who have done neither and just l&gt; No

Yes.

&gt; increasingly the money supply happens as a normal part of economic development. 

No it fucking doesn't. The government controls it in a fiat system. There is no market determining the supply of money.

&gt; On the gold standard, increasing the supply of gold increases money supply.

And on the gold standard, using gold for jewe&gt; lol, increases in money supply don't necessarily imply inflation. 

This is what I meant when I said economists don't understand the term "inflation." Increasing the money supply *is* inflation. Higher prices is an *effect* of inflation.

&gt; How do you know food is inflated across the board?

Look. At. Your. Receipts.

&gt; I mean seriously,&gt; Then what empirical evidence are you using that tells you currency is inflated?

They keep track of the money supply. Derp.

&gt; Are you saying the dollar is inflated for some people, but not for other people based on their preferences? 

Nope. Because everyone must buy food, and food is inflated across the board.

&gt; If I change my consumeA proper mask, such as an N95, is only necessary for people who don't want to get infected. I'm a healthy 38 year old. My risk of dying from COVID is orders of magnitude less than dying from the flu. I don't wear a mask for the flu, ergo I don't wear a mask for COVID. Anyone in a higher risk demographic should take their own precautions, not expect&gt; There's a huge difference between understanding words on the page and comprehending the full ramifications of what was studied. I am extremely skeptical of anyone who claims that you can understand science publication's with no background in the field.

You might not understand the experiment, or the statistical analysis done, but the conclusi&gt; Beef is just one commodity though. 

Yes, and they play the same games with everything else. Just go look at CPI for something you've regularly purchased over many years. Compare the CPI number with your actual receipts.

&gt; Inflation is a rise in all prices simultaneously

Not necessarily. Some prices can still come down. TVs, cellphones, eJust look at your own receipts. Beef prices have been going up like mad. But if you look at the CPI, it will tell you that they haven't. They do this by using "hedonic adjustments" which discount the rise in actual beef prices as people switch to alternatives. But the price of beef itself is up more than 2%.

CPI also doesn't take account of changi&gt; Generally, there hasn't been much inflation on consumer goods though over the last decade. CPI has lingered near 2% at least in the US during this time (e.g. this article).

CPI numbers are gamed. Actual consumer goods inflation has been way more than that. But it is also counteracted by deflation in other goods like TVs, cellphones, etc. It iN95 masks (and ones more powerful) are about the only masks that will reduce the spread of respiratory viruses. But if you walk around in one all day, you'll probably pass out. They are not meant to be worn for long periods of time. They even have a [warning printed on them](url). [Here](url) is the user manual for an N95 mask. Are people following&gt; The masks stop the spread of contamination from exhaled respiration. Doesn't matter if it's bacteria, viruses, or garlic breath.

This was the claim, but zero evidence has been presented.

&gt; They are.

Oh, were you born in May 2020? You have no knowledge or memory of times before that? You can't go on Google and find photos of people, inclu&gt; "The cops didn't shoot him for sleeping while black. They shot him because he refused to comply with the law stating that you cannot sleep in your car on a roadway. And when the cops lawfully tried to move him, he assaulted them".

Except everyone agrees that sleeping in your car on a roadway is improper behavior. You seem to be missing the ke