Being put in situations like that is scary. Some people completely freeze up when they're scared enough; I know I do. I don't know her or how she responds in situations like that, but I know from my own experiences that I've been put in situations that have progressed further than maybe they "should have" because of my body and mind's inability to It's easy to say that when you know the events afterwards, when you're not the person involved, and when you have no emotional bias towards the situation or person.

I agree, she put herself in a bad position, but so what? Pointing that out does nothing but take away from what happened to her. She told him "no" and he disrespected that and crossed I don't know what you're talking about... I've literally never heard of a segregated prom anywhere around me. That shit would absolutely not fly by any means.

The people in the video are problems, yes, and they're clearly backwards, but that's not common. I've lived in Alabama in multiple different cities and have never seen or heard anything likeI promise you they are not. If you go to some rural locations, it's definitely true that there is an uncomfortable level of racism about, but in more suburban locations, it really isn't that common. I grew up in Alabama, and in my suburb, race relations were pretty good. Please don't think everyone is like that based on what you hear on the news an2060 is more than enough!

Ryzen CPUs tend to be more bang for your buck, and the 3600 is a great CPU.

For some context, I've got an overclocked 8600k and a 1070ti and VRChat runs perfectly fine for me, with only some lag when essentially everyone in the world is lagging too.

So those parts should give you a similar experience to me :)

And if yoNice name! Can't wait until shows kick back up after corona ^ ^

As others have said, it's rather important to know some stuff... Do you have the regular Oculus Rift? Oculus Rift S? Oculus Quest?

If you have either of the Rifts, then knowing your PC specs would help a lot.

Regardless, if you're lagging, your safety settings are your best friends!Once you make the right sound for the first time, it will click. Don't try to be quiet. Videos never helped me much, so I'll just say what really got the sound to click was when I tried barking like a dog and _really_ gave it a go while in my car. Personally, I'd suggest trying to emulate metalcore-style uncleans to get the sound down as deathcore-Play champs that clear without any kiting requirements. I'd suggest amumu, fiddlesticks, warwick, shyvana. Prioritize farming. Never start 3 health pots, only refillable if you're going to start with potions. Start the buff on bottom side and then take the corner camp (gromp or krugs depending on side), then work your way in a line to the other sidWildlife by La Dispute is one of the albums that has given me those chills the most. King Park (obviously, because jesus christ that's a powerful song), Edward Benz, I See Everything, a Broken Jar, and all our bruised bodies have all gotten me at least a couple times.

A few times on Somewhere at the Bottom of the River Between Vega and Altair, butThose colliders serve a purpose, but are not necessary. All they do is prevent designated bones from clipping through the collider.

You can remove all dynamic bones and colliders within unity and will not "break" anything.

As for the hair, you can definitely combine a lot of those bones or remove them entirely. Have you removed zero weight bones You'll get it soon. Just keep playing normally. I would also assume rank updates are not run asynchronously, so you'll have to wait for the next time the database gets modified with rank updates. That process may be on a schedule or it may be arbitrarily run.

Additionally, 200 hours isn't _that_ much. I'd start questioning things if you were pushiWell, Ahri doesn't really _do_ that much damage. If you whittle them down in lane though, then E&gt;W&gt;Q&gt;Ignite+some autos should kill just about anyone you're against. Later in the game, she functions more as a pick-bot than an assassin tbh. Just R in when they seem out of position and land a charm and your team should br able to help you finWell, I mean, there are legitimate things to be afraid of for some people not tied to their identity or future interactions. Some people are afraid of social rejection, confirming their own negative beliefs about themselves, or any other number of reasons. My comment was not to say that they _shouldn't_ be afraid, but that in order to serve any helWhile I don't expect to be at my exact rank after 30 games, it feels genuinely bad to be placed so far before where my skill level is. On both of my accounts, I was placed over 2/3 whole tiers below my mmr from last season. On one account, I was placed something like Silver III and have spent the last 30 games with an 80% win rate and now I'm in arI always think of that not as it keeping you from death, but as setting you and your mind on the right path. In that sense, I can agree that music saved my life too. It helped me cope, find the beauty in myself and others, and generally feel happier. In that sense, it saved my life.

It may not be correct, but I much prefer thinking about it that wWell, it's a computer science program, not a software development program. A good bit of what you learn is pretty theory-based, and honestly will have nothing to do with what you'll do at 99.9% of jobs.

Their goal is to teach you the fundamentals so that you can function as a programmer and to also teach you how to pick up new things on your own. I did one internship the summer before I graduated. The University of Alabama helps facilitate you finding internships, but doesn't hand them to you. They hold 2 STEM-oriented career fairs per year with over 100 companies in attendance, most of them looking for CS students. A good chunk of those companies are also looking for interns (but certainlyIt seems very geared towards graduate school and not towards what jobs look like and require. I had 0 exposure to anything frontend at school and I've graduated now and look like a complete ape when asked if I can work on the frontend of our apps. No exposure to any of the "modern" languages such as python, javascript, c# which seem to be what's us1.) If you buy any of the big headsets, you don't really need to worry about that.

2.) Without full body tracking, you will be able to move/rotate your head, move your hands, and use default hand gestures (unless you have index controllers, then you can move your fingers individually). If you don't know how tracking works in VRChat, then based on Personal opinion: VR is amazing while drunk. Any ideation of seeing everything through a lens seems to go away. In addition, it loosens people up and gets them talking freely in what is essentially a chatroom in VR, and it's a very useful tool to start conversations and make new friends--e.g. run up to new people and ask if they're drinking and to I agree with a lot of what you've said. I feel like Tilian peaked with Instant Gratification personally, and I really miss pre-Tilian DGD. I still listen to and support everything they do, but I'm liking each new album less and less.

This song, Head Hunter, and Blood Wolf were kind of all big flops for me. I don't think I've had a desire to listenI think they've been downhill since TIHTWS. There are some genuinely great moments on the new album, but I can't say I loved any song off of it. I'd hear something that'd catch my attention then get slapped across the face with something that made me want to turn the song off. September 14th is the only thing that sounded "Silverstein" to me, and eYeah, it's just a bit unclear. I got what you were saying, but I personally tend to try to redundantly state the subject of the verb in situations like that in order to avoid similar misunderstandings when being read.

Something like "Faker's accounts both have the mmr built up but [the accounts] have decayed." would avoid that misunderstanding. YoThe university can and will accommodate you and any mental health issues you might have. I know a number of people who have gotten complete semesters worth of grades thrown out because of it. I wish i knew exactly what to tell you and who to contact, but all i know is that it's a thing. Also, if you're afraid your wellbeing is in danger, fuck your Honestly, you probably just haven't heard the right metal for you.

Now, I can confidently say a lot of popular metal I don't like and never did (Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden, Metallica, etc. etc.), but then after I got into metalcore, I got into deathcore, and then into stuff like death/black/progressive metal. I still don't like all--or even most--Although I love Pentakill, I don't much like Power Metal (Pentakill being a unique exception). If we could get a death/black metal, deathcore, or even just straight up hardcore punk group together, I'd be so stoked.

I'm fairly certain Ryan Kirby of Fit For A King plays League and I'm pretty sure him or any other unclean vocalist into the game woulIf you're looking for bands that sound like those, I can't really help you. To be honest, I couldn't find anything but that ATDI album on spotify. 

However, if you just want to get spun up on some influential/important (subjective) releases, I'd say some must-check-outs are:

Anything by Dance Gavin Dance. Progressive Post-Hardcore (More commonly CS at my university was harder than physics classes and WAY harder than math classes. It was, however, of similar difficulty or slightly easier than some other disciplines of engineering and their classes.

My university's CS program is more rigorous than most, though. Some universities have CS programs on par in difficulty with math or even easierI mean... do you think he's _dumb_?

I get thinking a lot of the things he does are dumb, but to actually think the man isn't smart seems strange to me. He didn't stumble upon his wealth nor the presidency by pure chance.

I don't like the guy, and I get that he does things that appear idiotic, but I don't really understand how people think he's leNo problem. Tons of people come here because of how generous they are with scholarships--me included. There's a lot to be said for graduating with minimal debt! UA is a good school too. It can hold its own with any other good school out there. As long as dropping a well-known "prestigious" school name isn't important to you (Which is a valid thing So I've always been very good at and interested in maths/sciences, and so it seemed a natural fit. I took CS100, and it was my first taste of proper coding, and I found it very fun. As a result of that experience, I decided to declare my major as Computer Science. To be honest, beyond just thinking that it would be a good fit, finding coding fun anYorktown is the bomb. I've lived here 3 years, and after visiting, a majority of my friends have ended up living here as well. They are nice, quiet, and spacious apartments. I really adore them and will be sad when I have to leave.

They are extremely quick with any maintenance that needs to get done as well. Anytime I've needed something, it has bThe University of Alabama, provided you take advantage of them, will provide you with many opportunities to make good connections that will help you throughout life. As an engineering student, even without a fantastic GPA, finding a job upon leaving this university should not be very hard for you, and in many majors within engineering, the vast majI really have to disagree. Of course, not everyone everywhere is accepting (This really applies universally), but the majority are. Now, definitely a higher portion of people (Especially outside of more progressive/high population areas) are a bit _uncomfortable_ around people who are different, but that's not because they're racist/homophobic/tranI'm having a bit of a hard time understanding exactly what you're asking, but I will guess nonetheless.

Only use blue infusions when upgrading your gear. Each infusion costs 20 labor and the blue infusions grant the most xp, so they provide you the most xp towards your gear per labor point spent. You can combine regular infusions into green infusi_Everyone_ is getting oneshot for the most part. Sink some time and money into gearing up and be in a group and you will start to feel your impact. A good portion of pirates I've encountered out at sea have been in the 4.5-5k gs range, and can definitely be dealt with. I've been playing since launch many hours every day and I get oneshot by 8k gs dSinging and screaming are just different skillsets with less than you'd think in common. I learned to scream WAY before I learned to hit a clean note. Also, depending on the type of scream, it can make singing clean really difficult afterwards. Very hard to hit the same notes with the same tone in the same way after blowing your lungs out screamingThanks again for all the information. I really appreciate it.

However, aren't the problems you outlined just problems of healers in general? Would a Confessor not struggle in PvE content solo as well?

Would it be best you think to just pick a class that does some damage and I can play something like a Nocturne when in large-scale PvP situations wIs healing a possibility without Vitalism? I was under the impression that to be a main healer, Vitalism was probably necessary, but that Songcraft gave the ability to off-heal as well as be a buffing support. If I were to, say, be a Nocturne (Songcraft/Shadowplay/Occultism), would my main role be providing CC/buffs or would I be able to provide heBit late, but I've lived at Yorktown for 3 years now and management has always been fantastic. Additionally, it's not next to such a busy road so as to create noise or anything... Would recommend yorktown to anyone and everyone (that is ok with the price!).

If you haven't made up your mind yet and you do decide on yorktown, shoot me a DM and be a It's not, but it's nowhere near as time-consuming as refactoring entire parts of the codebase in an attempt to clean up the mess they're sitting on. Fixing a lot of the code-based problems that currently exist in the game and client is an absolutely nightmarish, time-consuming task.

Producing quality skins isn't a single-day for a single-artist taThis is a hard one so I'll just throw anything that comes to mind out:

Tha Amity Affliction - Pabst Blue Ribbon On Ice

Chiodos - Under Your Halo

Alesana - As You Wish

Alesana - All Night Dance Parties In The Underground Palace

blessthefall, Lights - Open Water

Hands Like Houses - Shapeshifters

The Wonder Years - Flowers Where Your Face ShoulYes!! In case you didn't know, Erra and Gideon are both bands from Alabama. There are also some really good smaller hardcore/deathcore bands spread out.

I'm pretty shy, but feel free to DM me and we can talk about whatever! Genres I particularly enjoy are pop punk, emo, post hardcore, hardcore punk, metalcore, deathcore, and black metal.

That goeWhat engineering? I'm graduating with a CS degree in December, and what I need is drastically different from what an ME, EE, ChemE student might need. Also, regardless of major, you honestly don't need much unless you plan on forking over tons of money for expensive programs. Anything that is CPU/GPU intensive you will probably end up doing on librYeah, those 2 things are quite different. Generally having a simplified explanation is fine as long as you're not trying to build on that information. Someone simply interested in math would be fine with a basic explanation of linear algebra. They'd walk away with an understanding sufficient for their interest level. However, if that person then trTo be both honest and serious with you here, you stand out by not treating her differently than any ol' regular person. Just treat them normally, and if you guys get along, keep hanging out and treating her normally. If it's meant to be, it'll happen. If it's not, it won't.

There are many factors that makes one, as an individual, interesting and a"Subtle forms of racism often go unnoticed (except for the person feeling the impact of them) and therefore, unaddressed. This racism can include speech and behaviours that treat cultural differences – such as forms of dress, cultural practices, physical features or accents – as problematic, manifesting in disapproving glances, exclusionary body laLet Sivir spell shield hooks. Otherwise, don't be near them. Blitz covers when you're away from minions and yasuo covers when you're near them. They can't exactly engage on you, however, if you're playing properly. Sivir should cover your duo from blitz with her spell shield and karma should cover your duo from yasuo with her w. If that's not a posI personally can't tell you why it's that way, but I definitely agree with him. I grew up in the South and I feel like I heard a lot more "how come"s than "why"s there. Now that I'm at university, I wouldn't exactly expect one of my professors to ever say "how come". There's a good chance I wouldn't even notice it if they did, but thinking on it noWhat the other poster has said is all right. The only thing I'd like to say is that most (&gt;95%) of the people in VRChat with VR that I meet have an Oculus Rift or HTC Vive. There's definitely a safe feeling in knowing that you're getting the same thing everyone else has and uses. I don't know how concerned you are with prices, but if that's not No, you're both being hostile without reason. I have no problem with the original person I replied to saying that the behavior asked about is unacceptable and creepy, but it's different to insult him without reason. I have no problem with _what's_ being said, but I have a huge problem with _how_ it's being said. Do you understand where I'm coming fPabst Blue Ribbon on Ice - The Amity Affliction

&amp;#x200B;

40 Days... - blessthefall

​

Times Like These - blessthefall

​

Open Water - blessthefall

​

Under Your Halo - Chiodos

​

Only Steps Away - Myka Relocate

​

As You Wish - Alesana

​

All Night Dance Parties In The Underground - Alesana (TBH a lot of Alesana's work)

​

Shapeshifter100%. It's hard to find people that accept the sound of my music, but it's even harder--nearly impossible--to find people who feel the same connection I do to any of it. I'd settle for people that don't even like the genres I like as long as they feel some sort of emotional connection to their music the same way I feel towards mine. It feels like pYou are absolutely correct. It's the same reason why when picking up a game like Super Smash Brothers Melee, it's generally considered bad for improvement to start off playing a character like Fox (Who's universally accepted as the best character) in favor of a simpler character like Sheik so that you can learn fundamentals without interference froA Day To Remember is one of my favorite bands, but Bad Vibrations was a miss for me. I keep trying to give it listens in hope that it clicks, but it's been a long time and I just don't think it's going to happen. By far my least favorite album of theirs. I find myself going back to each of their albums constantly, but not once Bad Vibrations. That'Warning: I listen to only -core genres, and not anything strictly "metal". Here are some of the unclean vocalists I find to be the best:

[Jake Luhrs of August Burns Red is an absolute beast of a man. Incredible power in his vocals (And it shows live too)](url)

[A Night in Texas' Ethan Lucas has some of the nastiest highs I've ever heard](url)

[AIn certain areas of reddit, for sure. It's all about who you surround yourself in any situation that dictates what does and doesn't fly socially. In person, on reddit, on vrchat, and anywhere else, there will be different social standards depending on who you decide to have around you. You've already stated that the people you choose to surround yoIt'd be pretty hard to tell you why he has them imo. Maybe he does jack off to them. Maybe they're like trophies to him. Maybe they're just like pictures to him and he finds it hard to delete them. Maybe he doesn't even think about having them. I can't really tell you, nor do I think anyone else can either. Your best bet would be to talk with him. You have a better gauge on how smart you are than we do. I'd recommend most people to only do 1 or 2 honors courses in a semester. More than that is just making things pointlessly hard for yourself. Personally, I wouldn't do more than 1 as some honors courses are made to be quite rough, and it would be very unfortunate to roll bad dice and get multI thought I was hydrating well enough. If your date is anything like Nashville's, drink a bottle of water between _EVERY_ set. Wage War/Knocked Loose/Chelsea Grin/Picturesque were all in a row for me and I didn't want to miss any of them. I got through Wage War's set, said "I'm a bit thirsty, but I'll put it off", got 10 minutes into Knocked Loose'