You really don't understand what you're talking about. Overpopulation theory is scientifically illiterate nonsense. 

Human development and first world consumption are killing the planet. The developed world consumes an unimaginable amount of resources on an individual basis. As countries like India and China are developing they will see the same fYou and your entire family are complete fucking morons.

Like so fucking stupid that I am genuinely confused why you needed restaurant reccomendations when you spend all day eating crayons and paint chips. 

When you kill someone because you took your dogshit family on vacay I hope you think about that meal and savour it mate. Reeeally fucking enjo&gt;You’re

No, that's wrong you complete fucking moron. 

&gt;I would pay any sum of money for you to say that to my face.

Bring your pathetic Nazi bullshit over to my country any time soon and you will mate. 

1945 was a real good clean out, like a decent round of chemo but like the cancer you are you guys are metastasizing and I think we need aI don't particularly care to go about sorting ratshit and dogshit into different piles. It's all just shit to me. 

But you really do seem incapable of answering a question don't you. Don't worry, I know why that is. None of you feral little scumbags can talk straight because you know your dogshit ideology doesn't stand up to criticism. The most coI think you need to understand that this wasn't a special case and that these kinds of formal greetings, farewells and prayers are super common here. There is not even that much of an overly religious context to them. Usually the language is more generally spiritual, like asking for guidance and wisdom. 

&gt;Suppose it was flipped around, the defeShe commented on a Facebook post calling for more representation in NZ healthcare from Maori and Pacific Island groups. Her comment consisted of her making a bunch of racist statements about the work ethic and quality of those groups as nurses. 

She is suspended from nursing for 2 years and will need to undergo cultural sensitivity in healthcare tI've worked at both when I was younger. You're right, the other guy is wrong. There is definitely an economic difference between the people who regularly eat BK or kfry and people who regularly eat BurgerFuel or the like. 

My regulars at Maccas were blue collar workers, gang members, whatever, the regulars at BF were local business owners, governmYea, I was one. It's almost like continually reinforcing the idea that some kids are "bright but lazy" makes kids live up to that expectation and then when they finally hit a level of education they can't just breeze through (usually tertiary) they hit a brick wall and either become miserable or drop out. 

I think I would have got my shit togetherInvasive is a more specific scientific term. Infestation is a more emotional term that has negative connotations. I can only speak of my own experience in conservation on my own country but you would be looked at a bit sideways if you said, for example, we had an infestation of Pukeko (a small, numerous, native swamp hen) because they don't cause dYea I don't need to clarify anything, you just have poor reading comprehension. I was commenting on the irony of humans describing sharks as an infestation when the term doesn't apply to them but does apply to us. There is no requirement for my comment to apply to only the marine environment, what kind of idiotic logic is that?

There is also nothiNo you are kind of right. Humans as a species have evolved to use technology in a way that only arguably a handful of uncontacted tribes live in a way comparable to humans who were a 'native' part of the ecosystem. This isn't any kind of judgement on humans of any particular race or ethnicity, it's just attempting to describe humans in imperfect laThat's completely arse backwards. My country has marine reserves where fishing is limited and completely monitored. People don't kill sharks in those waters (or in any of our waters if they are a protected species).

Humans kill for fear and profit. Fear is an obvious driver when you describe the waters as 'infested'. Profit is obvious as well whenPeak irony here is that humans actually are an infestation by our own definition. We are a non-native species that exists in huge numbers across the globe and we cause incalculable damage to the ecosystem every single day as a consequence of living. 

Sharks on the other hand can only really be infesting somewhere if we somehow managed to introduceI'm pretty sure both phrases communicate that there are sharks present. 

Not calling their habitats an infestation might result in people killing them less. 

Who knows, it's a suggestion on a turn of phrase and how it could be more accurate. 

I'm sure sharks dont give a fuck what we call them but they might appreciate us not driving them to extiI'm sure in this instance that was the only outcome but Cops are 100% responsible for that being the case. They are militarised and always looking to escalate a situation. As far as the other guy is concerned he's dead either way so why wouldn't he shoot at them? If they arrest him alive there'll just be an 'accident' in the cell later. That or theThe Dipshit was banned for constant calls to violence. 

Because the fat orange shithead and all his little cult members are violent neanderthals who can't control themselves. 

No amount of lying or twisting that narrative will make this not true. 

Which is why you need to enforce your safe spaces for your demented little cult. You need to controAnd now we go for the classic shifting the focus of the argument. 

Now we aren't arguing the plain and obvious fact that the mod in question is enforcing his own brand of censorship and deleting comments he disagreed with. Now you are trying to talk about The Dipshit instead. 

Really running out all the classics in the Free Speech Warrior playbooYou sacrificed the lives of your vulnerable for what? You're as big of a shit show as America. You just don't have as many people to kill. 

&gt;Sure, we are gonna keep having cases and deaths

Those deaths are on your pathetic countries hands. Their blood is on your hands. 

&gt;Lucily Covid have taken a summer vacation in Europe for some reason "Ahaha yep, that's me. Although I think you mean criminal INBREDS you illiterate fuckin dipshit. 

Since you can't spell I'm assuming you're from that shithole just south of Canada right? What was it called again. It's such a fuckin trash fire I keep forgetting.

Edit: I just remembered! The name of the country you are from is Fat Donnie's Idiot SidAuthoritarians are oxygen thieves. Walking, talking sacks of cowardly shit. 

The humble cockroach is by far my least favorite insect. I think they're disgusting little trash beetles. However they serve an important purpose and are a key part of the food web. 

I have more respect and empathy for a single lonely cockroach than I do for all the worlHistory and modern events show us that Capitalism has failed. 

See I can make ignorant sweeping statements too. I am not going to waste my time trying to prove to someone that there are admirable qualities of Communism or try to explain the historical reasons for various famous iterations of Communism failing to someone who thinks that Capitalism Blue's making a false comparison. Blue might be an idiot or just misunderstanding red. No way to know. Either way, his point isn't relevant. The equivalent would be if everyone assumed all white people were American because they don't give enough of a shit differentiating the different countries with white people. Which yea, not a thing that happen&gt;Why? Because the rich and the powerful repeatedly exerted their influence to squash any major stories.

Yea haha, no not really. 

Because he stopped using trafficked foreigners who Americans don't give a fuck about and started trying to abduct local girls. When the victims were the right shade of colour and nationality shit actually got done aWe are absolutely not making any meaningful progress in fighting it. This is honestly laughable. Do you know how we had a tiny wee bit of success in limiting emissions in the past twelve months? By limiting global economic activity so much that we are going into another global recession. Now do you really think that people are going to put our globAbsolutely. This is just historical fact. There was no love for Jewish people in any of the allied nations. America turned away Jewish refugees, Churchill was an outspoken antisemite.

We know now how evil fascists are and know that good people should oppose them but that was certainly not the majorities reasoning at the time.

It also can't be saiYes, that is exactly how you made it about race and why you are a racist. The dude is a dumb cunt no matter where he came from or where his nationality is. 

You're using race to excuse that dumb white cunts who have broken quarantine and condemn the dumb non-white cunts who have done the same. You have tried and failed to use the fact that we haveWe are a nation of immigrants. Anyone who wants to be a kiwi and feels they are is a kiwi to me. The rest of the world is doing that violent nationalism bullshit right now, how about just fucking don't?

And blow your knickers comment out your ass mate, you can forget about debating mine or anyone elses nationality period because it isn't actually You're probably just going to claim whataboutism but do you really think millions haven't died due to capitalism? The British Raj in India? Can we talk about the hundreds of millions who will die and be displaced by climate change? A problem accelerated and covered up by capital interests in the oil and gas industry? 

I'm sure you'll have some excExactly what 'data' drives heir campaign other than 'what lies can we make up into scaring boomers into voting against their interests'.

Was that the same data that made them lie about NHS funding or was it different data? 

Wanna show me your prescious fucking data mate? 

If you don't see this kind of shit as subverting democracy than you're parThe scenarios are not similar. Not even close. The subs are not the same. One is a legitimate political ideology that I personally disagree with. KiA is a group of disgusting reactionary misogynists and racists who scream hysterically about imaginary trans people in their Vidya. I may not agree with a NeoLib but it's completely unfair to compare th&gt;the latest and most persistent brand of successful censorship and suppression of free speech...focuses on eliminated "offensive" speech

Cancelling always depended on the speech being 'offensive'. What has changed is what people consider offensive. 

Conservatives constantly try to limit speech that they disagree with. I honestly can't really bYou two are adorable. Off the top of my head, things that are definitively accepted in peer reviewed science that scientifically illiterate groups argue against every single day. 

Human caused climate change

Vaccines

The shape of the earth

Disease prevention and eradication

Race 'science'

We can probably go on all day right.

The fact is thatUtter bullshit. People in general just complain and try to get things they don't like taken down. Conservatives just bitch about cancel culture now because the general attitudes of society differ from theirs now unlike in the past. 'Cancel culture' being invented by the left is historically ignorant and intellectually dishonest. You can be against &gt;Yeah, most people?

Literally delusional lmao. No buddy, most people who haven't replaced their brain with a small pile of leaves do not think that the Nazis, who waged a systemic campaign of genocide and war and industrialized the slaughter of 11 million people to communism, an economic system.

Seriously how do you interact with people day toNo, I am being extremely sarcastic. I'll be more clear for you from now on.

I am now not being sarcastic.

They aren't not rising up against the fat orange shit because it's too hard. They're not rising up against him because they're mentally handicapped feral members of his shitty bargain bin cult. 

The left hasn't tried to assassinate him becauHoly shit I tried to read a lobster boy article recently with as unbiased a stance as I could muster.

Are these idiots taking the fucking piss? It was unreadable garbage, like someone had taken one of my grandfathers rants about how many minorities there are around lately and run it though some kind of smug wankers version of a thesaurus. 

At leaImagine actually being so stupid so as to think that 'the left' doesn't understand the alt right playbook of coopting harmless symbols so as to make rational people seem irrational. 

The only people who think that the reaction to the OK symbol thing was "any one who uses the ok symbol is a white supremacist" as opposed to "hey those dangerous neck&gt;cannot abide getting tempbanned for intentionally bad behavior

You should really go back and read my first comment. I don't give a single solitary shit about getting banned. Not one. Since I'm not a fragile little right-wing snowflake I don't pretend like the world is ending when a sub bans me. I just move on. 

It ain't the 'woke' crowd screa&gt;Theres nothing wrong with gender as a social construct. 

Oh well, case closed. Super genius here says it's a-okay. Please people, discount any other opinions, this fucker right here is the expert. 

&gt;wants to tear down the gender construct because they don't like certain people. 

Wait a fuckin second. Are you blaming the existence of TERF Christ on a bike, thanks for the essay that I am definitely not going to read past your edit. It was a bunch of racist bullshit from a racist shithead that you agree with. That is a much simpler explanation. 

Oh wow you actually tried to pull the what would MLK think bullshit? Nothing cringier than idiot white edgelords thinking for one second thaAnd as I was trying to get through to you, *the Nazis knew those plans were obviously bullshit*. I really don't know how many times or different ways people can explain this to you but the supposed other plans to deal with Jewish people were propaganda to make useful idiots like yourself parrot out that 'The Final Solution' really was the last thinAh it's okay mate. We'll get a handle on it again (I hope), and hey, who knows? Maybe they are being truthful about no contact. 

On behalf of New Zealand, I'm sorry for you guys, we have islands of similar size but your population is so much higher it must be so much harder to get a hold on it. Got a lot of mates in the UK, they love it. Hope you,New Zealand conducted an extremely successful lockdown that resulted in the complete elimination of the virus in the country, surpassing even the best predictions of our government. Under compassionate grounds (for a funeral) two people were given permission to travel from Wellington to Auckland 6 days into their standard 14 day quarantine after arI don't downvote as a rule but please keep screaming hysterically about your prescious internet points. Real power-move.

And let's get real for a second little buddy. A) I didn't actually call you a Nazi so is this just a bit of a Freudian Slip? And B) Nazis always lie about being Nazis so it's pretty much impossible to know for sure if you *are* You've eaten Nazi propaganda. What do you think the result would have been of dumping 4+ million destitute refugees on an island would have been? You really REALLY think the Nazis thought this was a realistic plan? No, of course they fucking didn't. It's propaganda to make some of their more sensitive citizens feel better when they get down to the &gt;IDK, if I were a soldier and I was told by my government to do that I might do that, especially if I already trust that my government has weighed the pros and cons of it.

Then you have a weak and pathetic mind and constitution. The Nazis following orders still swung at Nuremberg mate

&gt;By this yardstick, you would also be calling the HiroshI disagree that it is inconsistent for Christians to believe in their God and be peaceful and tolerant. Their holy books are filled with inconsistencies already so it's logically consistent to believe that they are faulty interpretations of God's will.

My understanding is that unlike the Koran, the Bible is humans interpretations of Gods teachingsThis clown is a capital G Gam*r if I ever saw one. 

&gt;I run another universe, Kalgat'on. Everyone is a cat. White is sphinx cats, green are wyrm cats, blue is Jace but he is a cat, red is a very very VERY amgery kitty, and black is a skeletal cat. Cats don't follow Islam in that universe, they mostly argue about CATholicism.

Believe it or not hOkay again, it's not really about 'proving' that people get 'offended' by everything. That is literally not part of the goal. It's deliberate obsfucation because it lets them pretend that anyone reporting on the very real and very serious threat of internet Nazis is just crazy. 

It's exactly the same shit they try with the frenworld thing. It's riIf you have a choice between participating in the violent suppression of citizens or protesting the violent suppression of citizens it's evil to choose the former and good to choose the latter. 

Can you show me one single video of an active duty police officer protecting citizens from police violence. Just one. Because what I am seeing is a whole &gt;There’s a lot of men and women who become members of the police force out of legit desire to help people/their country.

And where are they right now? Resigning in protest I would think right? 

&gt;Your generalization is as if I said “every African American is a criminal” 

Just idiotic. You're comparing someones race to an occupation. Don't gThanks man. I've never been a labour supporter (I vote for minor parties) but I'm finally torn for once. She's done everything in her power to win my vote and I'm not sure I can reasonably not vote for her in the upcoming election. Especially since the alternative is a right wing puppet with a big business hand so far up his ass it's probably affecYea, that's American Baptist bullshit. So what you actually experienced there was the horrific fucked up things that American missionaries do to native people, their communities and their mental health.

Like how perverse is that, Americans coming in under the guise of helping people are then brainwashing them into their cult that says they should Well coddling racists doesn't work because we've been trying that for decades and apparently asking them to face consequences is too mean for their poor little hearts to handle 💔 

so what's your solution mate? I'm genuinely curious because in my opinion there isn't one. Some people are just thick as fuck and racist because that's the way they wereWell I'll tell you what, you just go ahead and figure out how to change the minds of idiot racists like this and get back to us. 

She made a public statement about an issue that she wasn't required to make and now she is facing consequences for that statement. 

I personally think letting scumbags like this make public statements and then shieldinAnd the people who are actual racists ALWAYS pretend that they are just joking when called out. So it's easier to just assume people who make racist jokes are likely just racists. Because racists always lie.

Side note: Anyone who complains about PC cUlTuRe is an utter clown who doesn't even know what the word means. If you're a chud dipshit, thereThey are based in empathy. Which every chud making the same tired ass One Joke over and over again always seem to lack. 

Humor is found in pushing boundaries and subverting expectations. 

Your buddies might find that schtick funny but to be honest at a certain level of inbreeding, waking up in the morning has got to be a gas in of itself. 

That Waaaahhhhh people criticised me and now I'm racist waaaaaahhhh.

Blow it out your asshole. 🤡

And punching Nazis is a wholesome family activity that every generation can and should enjoy. They literally ask to be punched so it's kind of their own fault. Every time one opens their mouth all I seem to hear is "punch me in the teeth". Which is made ev&gt; I think America must see that riots do not develop out of thin air. Certain conditions continue to exist in our society which must be condemned as vigorously as we condemn riots. But in the final analysis, a riot is the language of the unheard.

Martin Luther King Jr.

Fucking cringelord supreme over here quoting MLK as if he wouldn't have slaAny one who gives fascists time of day is either a complete fucking moron (and should be ignored) or is also a fascist themselves with a mask on.

Again, I really don't give a shit how your rat-fuck sub works mate, you're all human garbage.

For future reference, please refer back to the statement about interacting with Nazis with anything but ridi