I'd be fine. It wouldn't change easily overnight but by the time toddlers today are through the first few years of school, they'll be fluent in it.

Also I can basically spit and hit Canada from where I live and travel there a few times a year because of friends. I'm already used to km/h. And because of youtube cooks, i notice more people cooking bIve personally always had an issue with criticism. However, I realized in my mid 20s my issue was less about the criticism and more about the attitude and delivery of it.

 A lot of people dont know how to give constructive criticism and only know how to criticize using tones and language that comes off as rude, snarky, or as a downright attack. OfWas supervising pne night and a patron read my name tag and just went "Toadstool! YOU HOT you know that?"

"Thanks." *walks away and ignores table for the rest of the shift*

For the record I'm and very overweight, fairly average female-presenting person and I'm pretty sure I've never been outright called hot before in my whole 27 years of existencI do often. Especially if I'm in a heightened emotional state. It kinda helps me navigate my emotional state and get it all out,  so to speak. Keeps me from bottling the emotions and having them come out at bad times. Think of the therapeutic use of a diary only I'm just expressing in the comfort of my own head.

Other times it's usually just fun lUPDATE: Mercari released the funds without contacting me at all. So I blew up the customer service chat with more pictures and threats of legal action against the app itself for releasing the funds without contacting me first. They gave me my money and a coupon for 10% of my next purchase. I'm content. Won't be using the app ever again, though. OncThat some of my friends from high school never truly gave a shit about me.

Also that my boss purposely went out of his way to make my life miserable at work. Only ever got concrete evidence twice of two separate incidents. Everything else I could tell was being done intentionally to make me mad and hurt me emotionally and mentally at an already meI have a pretty decent job with a strong union. Our jobs are still intact when they finally reopen. They just migh4 only bring us back in waves based on seniority. Also, because of our union contract being renegotiated at the beginning of shutdown, I'll be going back with a small raise. There isn't much else beyond that. But we did get paid our fulFor all the issues and mistakes in my life, I honestly like the person I turned out to be. Even though I struggle with mental illness and some physical conditions, I've still got wonderful memories and I've learned so much. Not to mention I wouldn't have the friends I have now. I'm content with so much of my existence. I'd honestly take a flat $100When they offered to buy the games? I posted SMT: Devil Summoner on Ebay for auction starting at $90ish. They directly offered me $150 for it and SMT: Nocturne. I'm pretty desperate for money right now due to covid restrictions and my industry still being shut down by my state. So I took the deal. Even created a new listing on Mercari and removed mSpitting.

It's  very rare to be in a situation where spitting isn't wrong. 

If someone happens to get sick, I expect them to spit after puking or something. But spitting just to spit is gross and annoying. If you seriously feel the need to hock a lugie, go to the bathroom and do it. I can't stand that shit. 

This goes 100000× for people who chewNTA. I went through something similar when I was a teenager with my periods. Its not easy and I spent a lot of time miserable. 

Because your sister's case sounds similar to my own experience m, make sure your sister stays on top of her reproductive health. I'm only 27 and last year I had to have hysterectomy because my uterus essentially was failiHad a coworker go on a rant about how guys who sit to pee are gay. 

I have a friend who has some mildly effeminate traits but is more traditionally masculine than most guys our age otherwise and he sits when he pees sometimes. Its just comfortable to him.

I didn't know *how* you pee could determine your sexuality but it's just dumb. Bathroom timeI feel this in my soul. My sister keeps trying to get dogs. The last 2 she had she had to rehome in under a year because she just ASSUMED she could raise them well. But she didnt. And her now ex-husband was abusing the first dog. My sister loves animals but doesnt know the first thing about taking care of them unless its a cat since we had cats allMaryann Forrester - main antagonist of season 2 of True Blood
Amy Burl - Jason's antagonist girlfriend of season 1 of True Blood

In all my years of watching good and bad TV, no characters manage to illicit such a visceral disdain from me like these two. I appreciate the combination of writing and acting for being able to get under my skin like tStorytime- years and years ago, when I was around 12-13 years old (Naruto was still fighting Zabuza on Toonami) I learned of scanlatiom websites to read manga. I used them as my main source of manga until about 2011-2012. When all the manga I read were being taken down because of copyright issues. 

At some point in that time I remember reading a cLet Go by Frou Frou covered by Boys Like Girls

Back in the days of AOL domination, there was AOL Radio. That was what I had before Pandora kicked off. Their genre-based music stations surprisingly had a lot of newer alternative/emo music.

Thankfully, people have uploaded this beautiful cover on YouTube. Definitely give it a listen if you like acoI personally dont care if the stories are real or not. The only ones that might hit that radar is if a story sounds somehow inherently wrong- like someone being obviously taken advantage of but has been convinced theyre just being slutty. (I saw one story like this when I first joined and many of the comments were concerned for the safety of the OPBonding on Netflix. 

I'm somewhat involved in the kink community. But i have friends who are heavily involved in it. Its a taboo thing and the US is by far still struggling under puritanical sexual ideologies. I'm not saying to watch it to like it. There's nothing wrong with being vanilla or even Ace. But it can give at least a little bit of a gliMe : * Standing at a roulette table which us long, has a grid with black and red numbers on it, a wheel constantly spinning, and other players placing chips on numbers*

Some Rando: Is this Black Jack?

--

Me: *stands at a 12 foot long dice table with 3 other coworkers, several players. Images of dice on the table. Players throwing dice across theCan confirm. Am quite overweight. If I'm holding something the right way i can hold up a considerable amount of weight since my legs specifically are strengthened from being on my feet all day at work and i used to walk everywhere before i had a car. I've always had decent strength, mostly in my legs. But my poor stamina makes it hard to keep that I'm so happy I followed this sub just because of Monster. I watched it back when the dub was airing and they played it on Hulu. One of the best anime I've ever seen. Now I own all the volumes as an adult and fell in love with it all over again. If I ever get a chance to talk about it, I hype it up so hard to my friends. But I unfortunately can't seSo I don't know much about filters but I do know a bit about digital painting. This honestly does look like a simple stylized digital painting to me. I could be wrong, obviously. 

If anything, it might be similar to the digital painting I used ot attempt (am no good at it). Where I'd just copy a section of color and then sorta paint over the pictuOne of the worst friends I ever had was like this. I have an issue with keeping my car clean to begin with, and thats my fault. But every time I finally get it cleaned out, the snowball that starts the build up of junk again is always someone else leaving garbage in my car. And it was usually the exact same fucking person. I'm honestly sure glad shUsed to work with a guy who was so full of himself that for funsies he walked into work one day and loudly proclaimed "X died" during the height of The Walking Dead hype. He was so smug with everything he did and said. Acted like he was funnier and better than everyone else. We had a coworker who was physically disabled somewhat (messed up leg and Went through this a lot myself as a kid. I still get little jabs here and there from coworkers for enjoying things like DnD but they also like different levels of "nerdy" things and everything has become moreso playful jest between friends. But teenagers could be brutal about it. And I think the insecurity of being bullied is what really creates thYTA for not putting money towards healthier foods for your kid. Even if you don't want to eat them, its not a waste if she eats them. But also, I'm not a fan of your sister buying your kid a kitchen scale. To me I get the red flagged raised of a possible eating disorder when I think of someone so desperate to lose weight they literally weigh their Growing up in Western New York taught me this. Especially after getting into 2 caraccidents back to back because of people rushing to get somewhere. Spent the next month of my life in and put of anxiety attacks whenever I drove anywhere. I was getting so fed up with the drivers in Buffalo. No turn signals. Swerving in and out of lanes. Tailgating dJust got vol. 11 of Dr. Stone in the mail. I'm crazy hooked on it. Can't wait to see where this Manga takes me. It feels like its gonna be a long one, too. So I'm glad I got into it early. I just started New World in One Piece. Slowly catching up. One day ill get there.

Also reading 20th Century Boys. Read it online years ago as a kid. I love thatMy natural alarm is my bladder every morning. However, sometimes my bladder wants to be emptied before my brain can process the "wake up" part of that alarm. I end up having  dreams about trying to find a bathroom and finally peeing. Often times in the dream I'll be able to pee but my body never feels like it emptied. Then I wake up and stumble to Though being a private businesses, whether or not a casino has the right to ban someone for counting comes down to gaming laws of where they're located. In the US, it's based solely on state law rather than federal. In NY, they have a right to ban whether they are a Native casino or state run. While in PA, a casino cannot legally ban someone from pI have no clue what I'm talking about either if that helps. It's been used in American pop culture a couple times. The two I remember the most is an episode of The Fairly Odd Parents where a British kid moves to town and talks about how one of the things British people love is "The Hunt." But they never mention what it is. Was watching an episode oLooked into it and it sounds like a good idea to me. $10 raffle. Up to 1000 entries per person, which is still half the cost of the actual shoes themselves. I'm about it. Competitive pricing and still a great way to raise money for a great cause. Not to mention, if a family that's struggling wins these shoes, they can then flip them to help with thMy last job was filled with a lot of idiots and I'm argumentative by nature. Got into a lot of arguments about fairly simple black and white shit all the time. I realized there was never going to be a point to any of this when one of my coworkers that I had usually been on fantastic terms with outright told me he doesnt believe same sex marriage shGrocery stores dont always carry alcohol outside of beer/cooking wine (if at all) depending on where you live. Some alcoholics depend on liquor over beer. Liquor stores carry significantly more alcohol than grocery stores do. Also, with alcohol being such a prevalent thing to drink for fun or special occasions in our culture, it's an easy bone to tThis happened to a lot of toys I had as a kid. I lost some of my favorite toys to mysterious disappearances. The biggest hit I took was the loss of my collection of pokemon cards. My family knew how much they meant to me and they'd help me scour the house every now and then to find them. Every single one vanished and I have no idea how or why. AlonI used to always catch the time at 3:03. I didnt think much of it and always thought of the band 3oh!3 because of it. And after like half a year I started realizing I was making the connection on a nearly daily basis. I think simply having a less structured life style due to my job is what broke the habit. I mostly noticed it when i was in high schI've been doing so much better because of quarantine. I work in a very mentally and emotionally draining job. I love how engaged I am at work and how stimulating it is. But it's so draining to a point where I left my previous place of employment to work for their direct competition. It was a great thing, too. But the industry itself is toxic as helMakes me think of a conversation I had with a younger coworker one day. Old Town Road came on. I legitimately enjoy the song. Because it's fun. Sometimes things can just be fun and enjoyable without being deep, special, or profound. I'm approaching 30. Hes still in his early 20s. Not that big of a difference but I held the same ideals he does aboutI've been wanting a game that takes place in western NY/ Canada for years. With Niagara falls being there. Both sides holding historic relevance. Major landmarks. Casinos if they wanted to add that in as well. Not to mention Love Canal in Western NY. Toronto being close enough to the border to warrant being a main area of the game. Different theme I'm already always itchy so this works for me. I've had eczema since I was a little kid. Now I have psoriasis as an adult. And I've got weird nerves that fire off all the time to create mild itching sensations every now and then. Chances are I'll end up with fibromyalgia like my mother since I take after her in almost every single way health-care. Picture itself is cute. Dont know if facebook is the right platform for this. But also. This legit might just be how they choose to post on their own facebook, which is fine by me. I think itd be better for a site like fetlife or something. But also I dont know the context of their social media history and life style. If this page is meant to be tyDifferent countries have laws that bar tipping in restaurants and other industries. Also, you dont tip in fastfood joints typically. I work in the gaming industry as a table games dealer. It gets pretty rough watching some people win thousands and not only never tip you for giving them free money, but also stiff the cocktail waitresses. I hold peopIn my late 20s. Gonna have to disagree honestly. These trends aren't doing the "lol so random!!!11!" BS we did. I havent heard "rawr means I love you in dinosaur" in a serious way in years. No one saying stupid shit that makes them sound like a badly written character based off of Gir. 

Slang simply changes every like 5-10 years. Some of it will sWorked at a gas station for a while. Some asshat put their cigarette in a garbage can outside. The garbage lit on fire. Even if the cigarette wont do it, actual fire probably would. Most terrifying day of my life having to put that shit out, abandoning my register because I was the only one working. And then watching a bunch of boomers get pissy atI relate strongly to your kids. My mom moved me and my older sister from Texas to New York when we were kids. My dad is a drunk. My sister's  is a drug addict- who died of an overdose about 6 years ago. We've been in NY for about 24 or 25 years. My mom loves Texas. With all her heart. But both our dads being addicts, also come from families with adAre you me? Because same. I had long hair all my life. Girls and women always loved to tell me they loved my hair. I was constantly talked out of cutting it because I had gorgeous hair. I rarely could ever get a complement about anything else. Last fall I got so tired of it. By that time I was 26. I've had relationships. I've finally grown to know My old roommate ended up with a total of 4 cats over time. Each one starting out as a kitten. The first one she got was whe  she was living with me. He imprinted on me and liked me most but I couldn't keep him when I moved out. About a year later, give or take, I ended up taking him in because he was miserable living with her and her boyfriend. TheThe Bohemian Grove is run by super elites who decided years in advance who the next president shall be. They are the acting Illuminati while the idea of the illuminati is just a fantastical thing to get people to turn a blind eye. The Grove is hidden in plain sight and everyone knows it's a sketchy thing. But everyone only ever brings up the IllumiI was a loner kid mostly because my family moved often and I was an easy target for bullies in almost every school I went to. It wasnt easy at all trying to make new friends. But my single mother needed to go where the work was to take care of us and I wouldnt ever hold any of it against her.

Essentially, as a loner kid, I found solace in other woNTA

You friend was definitely being a shitty boyfriend. But at the same time, she still couldve talked it over with him to some degree so that he could understand her own issues with it. But he still couldve been less angry and more understanding.

It's a bit of a slippery slope if you get into all the "what-if" scenarios that could happen if theyMy niece takes melatonin because she's always had sleep issues since she was a baby. Basically hated sleeping and would cry to make herself stay awake. Now that she's older, she's got access to a computer and tv pretty easily. But she's usually good at putting herself to bed. She likes sleeping. She just doesnt always fall asleep when she wants to.I actively cringe over the show but continue to watch it anyways. It's definitely not good by any means but its weirdly addictive to watch. Kinda like eating a bag of chips out of boredom even though you dont care for the flavor. But you still polish off the bag because meh, it's still chips and theres nothing better to eat. Not great but you're goI wonder if the overall disposition is something ingrained due to the weather/lack of sunlight mixed with ingrained social behavior. It seems it's always a bit cloudy/wet in almost every British movie/tv show and I know some British youtubers will make jokes about it. It always reminds me of Buffalo, NY. Often cloudy/rainy. The city is known for beBest way to find good chocolate in the states is to find an official shop that makes it's own. Itll be way more expensive than a typical Hershey or Mars chocolate bar. But itll be good. I'm originally from Western New York where we have a crazy amount of good food and a couple chocolate shoppes/ice cream parlors that make their own chocolate and suSince moving to the finger lakes, my road rage has become almost non-existent. Visited buffalo the other day for a hair cut from my buddy's girl and some pizza and boy was I a different person. It's been a good while since the last time I was that anxious and angry while driving. There's a lot I love about that city but the traffic alone was enoughNot that i scrolled down too far or anything, but I appreciate the fact that no one seems inherently upset about this and everyone so far seems very understanding of the situation. No one that I've seen at this point is going into entitled nerd rage. Its refreshing. 

Please let me stay in ignorant bliss and dont link someone's rage if it exists. IOn that topic, I loved hard core shows 10 years ago. Went to see all the local bands when I was a teenager. Great experience to grow up with, honestly. I've since grown apart from the local music scene in Buffalo since all those metal and hardcore bands generally split up. Buffalo has definitely built itself up more over the course of the past 10 yMy mother is 54. I'm pretty sure her faculties are starting to waiver. Since my grandmother died back in 2008, my mother's overall mental health has been declining. Smokes more than ever. Drinks more (but isn't a drunk). Every guy she's dated has been trash. Her physical health has been on a steep decline. I think all of these factors have had a seNTA - it sounds to me like no one is expecting hundreds of dollars out of them each year. It's not a tradition I'm particularly familiar with but they're being pretty ridiculous about it given they were fine taking money but not giving it. I could understand if they needed to skip a year because money was too tight. But come on. Save some of that lThe thing is, arguably half or more Americans want universal health care. Bernie Sanders is so popular right now because of it. But our political system is rife with pharma money that pays for ads in so many little ways. Everyone has these crazy ideas about healthcare in Canada and they make claims that's their doctors and patients come to us for t