She lost her child to a heroin overdose and the nurse blamed her for not knowing sooner. Then her other son died in a car crash. Not long after her husband died from a heart attack.

All that within the space of about 2 months. She developed a drinking problem, and just as I'd convinced her to cut down her dog died of cancer. 

I think it was all tWhere are you getting that I don't care about black people being killed?!

I'm saying the organisation behind the slogan is a shitty organisation, it's understandable that lots of people don't support them. But like I KEEP saying, nobody thinks black lives DONT matter, they just think it's obvious and doesn't need pointing out by an organisation thIt's really not. Considering even corporations like FIFA and the BBC are distancing themselves from the BLM organisation due to what the individuals supporting that org are doing. It just goes to show that a corrupt organisation affects how people view it.

Nobody is saying black lives don't matter, just like I said in my original post. All they'reNo it's common sense, it's also the same theory that the military, the police, and other government agencies use.
If you're on the same level in terms of force you're equal, if you are at a lower level of force and are unwilling to escalate then you're at a disadvantage. If you're willing to escalate you'll have the advantage.

She used the advantaExcept she didn't end the woman's life, it was merely a threat to try and remove the woman from her personal space. 
The apology happened when she bumped into the girl, then again once she got into the car. All of that didn't placate the women, so I think she was more than justified to escalate further than the level the aggressors were at in orderAs soon as she got the woman's car and threatened to "beat her white ass" it escalated from being simply a verbal threat to a physical threat with intent to harm.
Also, people get pulled out of their cars. You clearly have no experience of violence or how degenerate people wanting to hurt you can be. 
Pushing them away with the threat of a gun is nHave you even watched the full video that I've posted in my first comment? 
The two black women were the ones instigating.
The white woman bumped into the black girl and apologised, she was then followed to her car, threatened, blocked in, had her property damaged, received more threats, and then finally pulled the gun.

She tried every method of dIf you watch the video the wan stops in the path of the reversing car to hit it. The couple driving weren't trying to hit her, she was being peaceful until the two black ladies kept escalating and shouting at her.

They reversed slowly to remove themselves from the situation, and then one of the black women smacked her car.

Pregnancy hormones, feaWell from [this](url) video it seems like the two black ladies were being the aggressors. Then as the white couple tried to leave one of the black ladies kicked or slapped the back of her car in a further act of aggression.

Maybe if they hadn't been screaming at her and kicking her property she wouldn't have felt in danger. I'd also wager she's prThat's not even remotely what I said. The guy replied to my comment saying that white people can't say white power because they hold power. I said they hold a lot of positions of power because they represent the vast majority of the country. 
Just like how black people hold power where they represent the vast majority of the population.

Not one thThe first thing to do with any new behavioural issues is to consult a vet to rule out any medical causes.

If the vet gives the all clear and says it's just behavioural not medical problems, then your next step would be to control and manage the behaviour. Crate training is ideal for your dog and you, it gives the dog clear boundaries and structureIn that case you could do what I did before joining the marines. Hill sprints.

It's less impact on your knees and ankles, and it's good training for leg strength.

Find a long steep hill and run up it, walk down, then run back up it. Repeat it 5 times on your first go and afterwards go for a very slow jog to flush out any lactic acid build up. NexIf you're new to running you should try doing 1km a day and that's it. 

Then then next week do 2km on one day, have a days rest, and then do 1km a day. The week after do 2km, day off, 2km, day off, 1km, 1km.

Then 2km every other day, each week add a km to one run. 3,2,2. Then 3,3,2. Then 3,3,3. Etc etc. It's a great way to slowly increase your miThe fact you refer to people with a different opinion as "you people" speaks volumes about you.

Also I didn't vote for him, I'm just saying that as hominem attacks are the weakest for of rebuttal. The fact that you feel the need to do it to somebody even at their lowest point puts you at the same level as him. Lower even, at least he had a motivatGet a grip. Why do people make everything an issue?

Two guys on an awesome raw run. Two girls on an awesome raw run.
Two dogs on an awesome raw run.
Two skateboarders on an awesome raw run.

If anything pointing out that they're girls could give more girl skateboarders the representation they deserve, or courage to other girls just getting startedIt's an echo chamber, if you disagree with whatever the professor says you get shunned, if you argue with all your peers you get shunned, if you post your own opinions on your social media and your peers disagree you'll get shunned. 

So people learn not to do that. Just agree with the masses otherwise life becomes more difficult. That and most proProblem with a lot of people is that they WANT to be stressed because that can make them a victim or get them sympathy.

I recently told my sister not to stress over something if there is nothing you can do about it, her response was "my feelings are valid". 
Like okay, they are valid, but I'm saying that stressing over something that you can do noSorry to hear about your brother's passing. I hope the police that did it eventually face justice.

I've been advocating that it's not just an issue that black communities face, but like other people have said ITT, you get called every name under the sun and then branded a white supremacist.

The sooner people realise it's not about race, it's abouDidnt realise a sub rule was that you had to be from Seattle. It hit the front page so I clicked on it.

Also statistics are very much on my side. If it was a case of skin colour being the issue why do only 19% of black americans have a bachelor degree or higher, and yet 26% of black immigrants have one. That's only 4% lower than the US populationsIt's not racist to say that black people don't need to be babied by white people, it's racist for you to assume they do.

Poor people of all colours struggle in life, natives even more so than black people.

Maybe if rather than being closed minded and blinkered you opened your mind to new information rather than just rage you'd see that. 


PoliceYet again I didn't say let the police keep killing, I specifically said to stop anymore killing happen. How can you say black lives matter whilst simultaneously putting them Infront of the firing lines??

Waiting for things to calm down before continuing with protests is the best way to save lives NOW and any future lives.

FUCK YOU for suggesting I'm not saying lay down and die. I'm saying stay home to stop more people from being killed due to riots and the police brutality towards them, you idiot.

People like you are the real issue, you blame everyone else for being racists, or race baiting when in reality you're then one so focussed on creating a divide between white people and black peoWell if they're so dangerous then goading them isn't really going to save lives. 
Also people did something Derek Chauvin was fired and charged within 2 days of the murder and there was outrage from everyone. More than can be said for nearly every other race that gets killed by the police.

It's all fair and well saying all that but stopping the riBecause people like to try and create a racial divide when there isn't one. It's the same reason as to why the media in the US is adding fuel to the fire by twisting things to have their own meanings.

It's awful that George Floyd died but the police officer was arrested and charged. What people are neglecting to mention is that although he only goI saw this posted on another subreddit about these protests:

"In 2019, there were 67 unarmed white people killed by police, and there were 12 unarmed black people killed by the police. 

White People are murdered, unarmed by police, too. The only difference is, no one gives a fuck when it’s white People. My city (Youngstown Ohio) is protesting forIn 2019, there were 67 unarmed white people killed by police, and there were 12 unarmed black people killed by the police. There are more deaths by police, but the remaining amounts of deaths were people who were confirmed armed and dangerous. 

My point with those numbers is, white People are murdered, unarmed by police, too. The only difference iThere is next to no gender pay gap when you take in the fact that women often apply for less in demand jobs such as those in the STEM field. Also take into consideration all the time off work women have, and the fact that they often don't work for a while after having kids. Meanwhile the men do apply for more STEM jobs, and also higher paying rolesProbably when she's been able to have any job she wanted to, with equal pay and the same benefits.
Also the fact that she got three times longer maternity leave than my dads paternity leave. Also the fact that she wouldn't get suspected of being a pedo if she took kids out to the park on her own but if my dad did the same he would. Also the fact thIt's not about their skin colour, it's about the culture they bring!  
I have Iraqi family members, but they have made an effort to integrate and assimilate into the British culture.

If you want an example of not integrating then watch the channel 4 doc "the Great British school swap" and you'll see how even the kids in the cultures of those that No they're not in the wrong if a branch of the government orders a curfew then the citizens must follow it. She purposely went outside to be inflammatory and got told to go back inside many times before any pepper pellets were fired.

Ignore what a lot of people are saying, they just want any reason to hate the police at the moment to appear 'woke.No it wouldn't, people would still just generalise and call them pigs, shout acab, and other bullshit.

They're enforcing a curfew because of all the violent riots, obviously they expect violent responses otherwise the wouldn't be in all that gear.


She could've easily filmed from the window but wanted to be inflammatory so she went outside againsSurely there is a massive correlation between race and culture, I don't know many British families that commit honour killings, or many Europeans that favour acid attacks on young girls.


There is one culture that comes to mind when I'm talking about those things, and the races that are part of that culture aren't western and don't want to be westMark my words; BLM will use these "solidarity protests" to riot. It's in the nature of these far left wing groups to go to the extreme.


Feminists aren't for equality, they're for superiority over men.
BLM aren't for black equality, they're for superiority.


Women and minorities have had equal rights and equal treatment in 1st world countries forSpeaking as former military and as someone who is very into fitness now, get a good baseline of fitness before doing sprints and HIIT. Having a good baseline of cardio will cause physiological changes that will be beneficial when you start doing higher intensity stuff.  


A month or two of LISS rowing will give you huge improvements. Build foundatI managed to get my parents to stop by explaining all the negative connotations that weight gain CAN bring, and also pointing out what is already caused.

I told them how overweight the dogs were EXACTLY, and tugged on their heartstrings by telling them that they're struggling to play with their friends and they're going to die early if they keep oLots of people think that, and don't get me wrong there are a lot of breeders out there causing inbreeding. But responsible breeders sometimes even import dogs from other countries to broaden the gene pool again.   


So that, coupled with only breeding them if they have beneficial and desirable traits, leads to dogs that are pure bred but still heThis is only happening relatively recently thouh as the "showlines" have been bred for more and more pronounced features. such as the german shepherds with awfully sloped backs.  


If we bred them for their functionality and health like OP is suggesting that wouldnt happen. Look at purebred "working line" GSD's and you'll see they're very healthy Oh my, that picture of the garage is ridiculous! They could've just removed the shutters and it would've looked 10 times better.

The lights. That's my thought process too, like some lamps here and there are nice. But during they day I shouldn't have to have 50 lamps, and overhead light, and a headtorch just to read a book haha.

I've saved your liIt's a common misconception that they can't be socialised until they've had all their jabs.

If you know the dog he'll potentially be meeting is fully vaccinated they are okay to meet somewhere that isn't prone to heavy dog or foot traffic. It's essentially limiting the dogs exposure to any germs before he can get vaccines. 

Let him meet healthy dKeep her well fed and clean. With lots of soft food not kibble.

Also if you know any fully vaccinated dogs try to get your puppy to meet them somewhere clean, the time a puppy spends with its parents and litter mates is where it learns most canine behaviours in terms of what is acceptable or not. Don't over exercise, and don't overload her with anI know I'll probably get downvoted but I feel I need to give my 2 cents.

It's not the dog being off leash that's the problem, it's people's lack of control with their dogs. I walk mine off leash but if I see another dog I ask if it's friendly, if I see a dog on a leash I call them back and put mine on leash, and the same if I see a horse.

Myself What a lovely way of adopting!

Remember that the first 3 days are the most confusing, let your dog just chill out in your house getting to know their immediate area. 

The next 3 weeks is when your dog will start to learn routines so start taking them on walks around the block, not too far or too stimulating.

After 3 months your dog should be comSo glad when I see people doing research before buying a dog. Too many people have the mindset of "mine will be different" or just don't read into them at all. That's why do many end up in shelters.

If you're really looking for a dog breed that matches you have a look at this website to narrow down needs that could work with your lifestyle: [whichWeird because before we were in the EU my grandad and dad would come over for work and have their passports checked, now when they come over they have their passports checked.

When I traveled to Switzerland we were stopped and they checked everyone's passport too.

It's more safe. Once a friend of mine drove from France, Belgium, Holland, Germany,Feed her everything by hand for a week or so, then slowly start transitioning to sitting at the bowl and instead of handing her the food place it in the bowl. With this stage try to make her wit before diving on the food in the bowl, this way she learns YOU are the source of food.

Once you've done that for a while put some food in her bowl and sitIts not just me, I just dont believe that the majority of a group should be punished or restricted due to the wants of the minority.

A dog loose in a car poses a risk of death and serious injury to itself and everyone else in the car. 
A dog off the lead sniffing, exploring, and playing doesn't pose a threat to anybody. My dogs dont go out of my sI'd rather my dog come back with burrs, mud, and even poo in their fur. They're happy, they've satisfied their instincts, all I need to do is hose them down and give them a brush and they're  good to go haha.

Honestly, if you want to walk your dog on the lead thats fine, but dont try to force others to do the same. As long as they have the common Wow you seem to be very bitter about dogs being allowed freedom. I never mentioned not picking up after them, I even said that if you see someone else with a leashed dog you should leash your own.

Dogs have needs too, they want to explore and make friends. A lot of dog walkers enjoy seeing their dogs play together, as long as you watch them and doOh I'm not in the US. I just believe that if your dog is well trained, as in it'll come back when you call it, then walking off lead should be okay. If you see another dog that's on the lead, call your dog back and put it on the lead til the other dog has passed.

Dogs need freedom and the chance to explore, but it definitely shouldnt come at the cThis will get your legs and your lungs burning, Do it 3 times for the first two weeks, and the final week get on the treadmill and set the speed to 7.6mph.

20 x 100-150 meters (110 - 165 yards) hill sprints. Walk back down the hill as your "rest" period. Make sure the hill is steep as fuck, do them in sets of 5 but on the second and third set, do Change the curtains to add some colour, maybe red like the cushions.

Move the sofa into the corner and put the end table on the opposite side.

Add a framed picture on the wall with only one window above where the sofa would be.


Get a bigger more colourful rug and center the coffee table on it, add some potted plants or flowers to the coffee tabMy resting HR is 55bpm, I can speak in broken sentences at 165 all the way through until I hop off the treadmill.


The reason I stop at a certain time is because for the tests I have to prepare for the longest we'll be running hard for in one go is only about 22ish minutes. The rest of the running after that is just slogging it out over a whole daGood afternoon runnit! 
I'm a 20 year old man, 6"2, 90kgs.
I've been training for over a year now, off the top of my head, and have more recently started to get into "heart rate zone" training.


According to most places on the internet my HR max should be around 200, however after doing a stress test my heart rate maxed out at 188bpm. Leading me tI'm not from the US I'm from England but the only time I'd be like "Oh... hi :/" is if someone came up to me and said something completely random or didnt introduce themselves and just started joining in like we're pals.

TL;DR
Say "Hi" and tell them your name.

Dont just walk up and say "Fun Fact: Pineapples arent actually apples - The more you knBreed Specific Legislation is awful.
The reason pitbulls are included in so many bit incidents is because a minority of people exploit their physiology.

They used to be "nanny dogs" in victorian times because of how docile they were with their humans but because they were also willing to protect their humans with their life, be t against wolves orFind your TDEE and eat about 500-600 calories less than it, and do weights/calisthenics/both because muscle uses more calories to maintain itself than fat does.
To speed things up and just improve your health in general go running and swimming and cycling.

It's not about motivation, it's about will power. Make being healthy a habit and it'll stay drink lots of water, that helps the skin heal itself and stay elastic.
Also, rub aloe vera gel into the affected areas and let it dry just before bed (so it has all night to soak in).
In shower lotion for in the morning to kickstart your skins hydration.

And the more drastic step is to mix sugar and lemon juice until it forms a slightly runny pastIf it were to happen right now: 12:00pm, 06/April/16. Then according to the "world o meter" we'd have around 74,136,633 people still left.

Most everyday laws would probably still be used as there'd be local communities left, so don't kill, don't steal, etc. But we'd probably just execute prisoners as we'd be too busy trying to farm our own stock aEyesight isn't an issue, unless it's severe. I have glasses and I'm joining the royal marines soon (waiting on my medical to clear because of childhood asthma).

Run, Cycle, Swim if you're comfortable doing that. Take the stairs not the lift, walk to the shops don't drive.

I'f you're eating more than 2500 calories a day then you need to cut your cIt does you just need to learn to read their body language.


Stiffness, showing the whites of their eyes, licking their lips, tail wagging up high(not the same as a relaxed wagging tail.)

Lots of people dont know how to read dogs because they carry on mistakes(aww he's wagging his tail, not all tail wags are good), and brcause they anthropomorphi