BO3 is definitely easier than those other 2, but it’s just not as laughably easy as WAW and BO4. BO4 is such a joke you can literally get round 200 just by following a purple wisp for 3 minutes and memorizing a 4 digit code.


Everyone talks about revelations being easy, but I could get to Round 200 on Alpha Omega before I would even be set up for I agree with most of this. 2k20 myTeam was definitely the best I’ve played and I’ve been playing since 2k13. The only glaring issue with gameplay was that too many whites were going in, but this years edition had nothing that was absolutely unguardable like 2k18 blowbys and 2k19 shot contest. It’s never been easier to make MT, you can make 100k in The past 2 years they added like 60 duos to all the top tier cards one random morning then dropped duo super packs that you could buy with MT and guaranteed a Duo player. In 2k19 it was July 12th, in 2k18 it was July 28th. 

&amp;#x200B;

I quit a lot earlier in 19, but in 18 the top tier cards were PD LeBron and MJ and they went from 700k to 30k iWhy do outlet passes never work in myTeam but in Pro-AM/Rec their automatic? If you've played as a center in those modes you develop a tendency to press L1 and R1 to outlet pass to the farthest player, but it literally never works in myteam even though the centers have much better passing stats and the game is only on superstar. If you have bronze So this is kind of a first world problem, but i'm having a huge issue on who to play as my SGs-PFs. Thanks to position locks i can only play 6, but I have 13 that I like pretty equally. I dont have Bird yet, but hes obviously going to get a spot. Who would you guys play?

If Prime 3 doesnt have an elite PG I will have to sell because I have all theI used to really like Lamar Odom but with free PFs I got like Lucas, McHale and Bird I don’t really use him anymore. I also think Siakam is much better. 

I have to sell this prime set if there isn’t a PG and C as the next 2 cards, because my SG/SFs are Kawhi, PG, Rudy Gay, DeRozan, Glen Rice, Butler, Lewis. That’s 7 great cards and I can only use Nobody gets good standing dunks in this game and if you've played pro am or stage you know post scoring attributes mean nothing because 6'3 BPs can make 100% post hooks 75% of the time. KG is good but last I heard he has a hard jumpshot like Shaq. I cant really speak on him though as I've never played with him. Blake and Bosh cant play perimeter deI have both and the performance difference is huge. I play on an Xbox One S and the game freezes every 10 seconds. Normal frame rate is probably in the 20s. If I go in a big city I’m getting 4-5 frames per second. Every gunfight I get in on console my game freezes. Also the desync glitches where items are stuck in cars/tents/crates until a server rThey censor everything. They don’t want criticism about their game. 

I’m trying to find out why Activision said they removed racist clan tags but I’m still loading into games and seeing MAGA tags


And also it does do a lot to counter racism. For the people’s who’s lives revolve around video games and ignore what’s going on around them. This shoulNurse doesn’t really boost anything relevant. 3 point rating doesn’t matter in this game (if you play park/pro am you know shooting is timing first, badges 2nd, and rating last) and it’s especially irrelevant when most cards have nearly every shooting badge. 

The best coach to me is Mike DAntoni because Speed is a category that doesn’t get boostedGlen Rice is the only one who’s top 5 at his position. Glens pretty much the best or 2nd best SG.

I agree though, being good enough to go 12-0 should reward you with a really elite card. Personally I’d make it where you get a pack with like 2 or 3 guaranteed Opals if you go 12-0. They’d obviously have to change the pack to scale the value throughoLooks much better quality, I’m getting 4x as many frames, I don’t freeze in gunfights, I’ve never dropped an item only for it to disappear/my friend not be able to see it, my game doesn’t freeze every 30 seconds, easier to use inventory. I literally don’t lag or glitch at all and my computer isn’t even that crazy powerful (my internet is though) 

Should I lock in for Pippen if I have 2.5M? I just always have this temptation to lock in sets but I always end up regretting it. I’ve been thinking about it like ever since it came out 

Pros:

* Giannis is probably the best PF available through the AH right now
* sense of accomplishment from completing set
* Pippen is good enough to play for the Not the guy you replied to, but most coaches people recommend boost 3PT. That’s not really needed at this point in the year. Shooting is mostly all about timing this year, and with most cards having every shooting badge now a 5 3PT rating doesn’t really change much. If you’ve played park/proam you know shooting badges &gt;&gt;&gt;shooting attribute1. Yes, once you get to the tiers, you can’t go back down. But the rewards aren’t worth going for at all

2. Sapphire Muresan is somewhat useful for triple threat because he’s 7’7 and post hooks are really strong, but otherwise no. The cards really aren’t useful until you get in Pink Diamond tier. However they update the token market like 4 times aYou should play the Kobe spotlight challenges first, and see where that gets you. Don’t use the diamond contract and diamond shoe from the Kobe challenges. Sell them on the AH. After that play domination until you have like 35k. 

Once you have enough MT you probably want to invest in a couple good budget guys like Amethyst Nick Young and Dean WadeI don't mind the switch. I feel like the lounge does everything the general discussion thread used to, which is all I used to read. Its pretty pointless to sort by new on this sub though, as theres never anything meaningful. 

&amp;#x200B;

My personal opinion is that all the individual team posts you see sorting by new should be removed and told tIt’s really not a good deal for either side, I don’t understand why it’s so popular. 

No card is worth $40

and if you lose when you’re like 8-0 you just worked like 4 hours for free. Even if you rarely lose a game (like most people who do 12-0s) it’s only like $8-10$ per hour, and you’re risking losing which could bring that number to like 5$ an But if there is no greens you could get a wide open shot 4 straight possessions and miss all 4, while your opponent goes down and hits 2 30% contests. This already happens with greens in the game. How is this fair? This is just adding more RNG 

If anything they should remove whites from myTeam. The green window is not that small at all when every At the end of the year they give pretty much every good card a dynamic duo, and add them to packs called dynamic duo packs. I remember in 18 it lowered PD LeBrons price from 400k to 20k overnight. If you had like 700k liquid MT you can buy the best team possible. 

Last year it was July 13th. 2k18 it was August 1st. Pretty sure they are the last drHardens great! Pretty much everything you think he’d be good at he is good at. Good shooting and ball handling. You can notice his defense isn’t great, so in 5v5 I’m always putting his match up on the SG. I recommend spending the 7k or so and putting the Kobe AD defensive shoe on him. 

While I really like Siakam, Ingram didn’t impress me at all. HI don’t care if the role players were different, they still had the big 4 that won 73 games. That 2019 team had a closing lineup of Steph Curry, Klay Thompson, Andre Iguodala, Draymond Green, and DeMarcus Cousins. There is not one team prime Wade played in the playoffs that is even close to this team. 

Curry and Durant are each better than both HaYeah man, why couldn’t he beat the KD-less Warriors? That team only went 73-9! That’s not the best record in NBA history or anything. Harden should of done so much more than average 36 a game. 


That team literally had 2 players that are each better than both Harden and Wade. The Rockets had no business winning more than 1 game in either of those Put every single locker code in

Do the Kobe spotlight challenges (don’t waste the diamond contract on Kobe)

start grinding historic spotlight sims for any of the pink diamonds you want (search quick thru sts on YouTube to beat any CPU game) 

Once you have 3 pink diamonds from spotlight sims you really like purchase Diamond contracts for each of You don’t know how pace works. Pace doesn’t inflate individual stats, only team stats. Every single star player back then played 38-40 MPG, which doesn’t happen nowadays. In 2006 the minutes per game leader was 42.5, in 2020 the minutes per game leader was 36.9. Players playing at slower pace are able to play more minutes than players playing at a In his whole entire career Dwyane Wade won 2 playoffs series in seasons where he didn’t have an All NBA 1st team teammate. And he was pretty irrelevant in those 2 series averaging 15 PPG in one and 19 PPG in the other. (This is a stat that sounds so made up, but look it up it’s true. That’s really sad if someone supposed to be a top 3 player all tiI really like how good the rewards are for playing the game right now. You can get Opal Kobe, Harden, Gilbert, Hakeem, Mullin, Kiki, Archibald, Haywood and Wilt for actually playing the game. This is exactly how it should be, less packs and more reward cards to compete for.

There is almost no money disparity this year when it was absolutely huge iOkay so i'll explain. When you make your 1st character you have to play a 'prelude' before you can change your appearance, animations and everything. Just go ahead and create a new character and you will be given the option to skip the prelude at the end of character creation. Once you make that new character you can go ahead and click 'The NeighboTurnovers are pretty much his only flaw in his game now, every player has one like LeBron with free throws. 


I personally feel like Harden is already equal to Olajuwon, they have the same amount of individual accolades both have 6 All NBA 1st Teams and 1 MVP. Olajuwon has much better defensive/rebounding stats while Harden has much better scoringKATs shooting is amazing, and he’s good all around, but he does sometimes get outboarded by the physical freaks like Wilt and Kareem. I’m starting to regret it because while I absolutely love Magic, I don’t really love Melo. I’ve also gotten 2 free GO centers recently in Hakeem and Wilt, and I prefer both over KAT in 5v5. I just don’t think lockingOfficials, I’m not saying there’s 100% more bases on this map, but after playing the base map for like a month and not finding a base with anything useful other than a tent, we’ve found 3 bases in a week of owning Livonia. 

My group saw 3 total ARs in Chernarus in the months we’ve played and we found 8 ARs since we got Livonia last weekend. 1 was I do play way more than 3 hours a day because of the quarantine stuff. There’s probably atleast 4 or 5 days where it was over 8 hours. And yeah I’ve been playing the entire year, just in the park/pro am side so I have no problem winning TTO unless I just miss too many wide open 3s. There were definitely days where I made 200k from TTO and this teamWhen you press the Xbox button the other team just won’t inbound the ball after you dunk, they will stand there without getting a 5 sec violation or a shot clock violation. You can see the game clock on the shot clock, it will just run down to 1 minute remaining. You aren’t skipping time, you’re just eliminating every stoppage of play and actually Xbox glitch to speed up spotlight sims - 

1. Turn Action replays to often  
2. Run Quick thru STS for an open dunk 
3. Press the Xbox button when the screen pops up showing your players badges 


The clock will go down by itself without you playing until there’s 1 minute left in the quarter or 2 minutes left in the 4th. Unless you have a challengeGetting started is the hardest part, at the beginning focus on learning the best places to find food, like fruit trees, boats, chickens. All you need is a knife and you should be fine on food, as long as you listen for chickens, and check the map for Apple trees. I was in your position when I started a month ago and thought good was impossible now I was contemplating this as well when I made mine, but it came down to the ball control to me. I  wasn’t sure what dribbling was like with sub 86 ball handle, so I just went minimum. But I made this back in December, so if I remade it I think you’re right it should be max wingspan. Also if you use the right pie chart you can get 99 vertical/speed aIt’s like the Golden Ticket from Willy Wonka. It’s in packs, and there’s 10 per console. If you pull one, the dev team will get in contact with you and you get to add a custom card to the game that goes into packs. There are certain restrictions but it’s usually a really juiced 99 overall. 

Also just in general madden does their ultimate team contIt’s actually one of the few things in the game I like, having a hard to acquire reward only good players can get. They just need more cards distributed through actual gameplay than packs. There should be an Amy at 3 wins, diamond at 6, pink diamond at 9 and GO at 12. Usually at the beginning of the year those 12-0 cards are the best on my team bc Rep doesn’t give you any advantages until you hit legend, and you will likely never play a legend as there’s like 100 out of 2 million players. 

Park gameplay is just a different brand of basketball compared to offline modes. It’s just played completely differently and you have to read the unpredictable actions of 3-5 other human beings compared tWhat do career stats have to do with anything? Kawhi Leonard’s career stats are like 18/6/2, it’s pretty inconsequential. 

NBA media is just weird. Their are players who are just universally loved like Luka, Kawhi,Zion, Giannis and players who are marketed as villains for pretty much no reason like Russ, Harden, KD, Kyrie. Only player who falls inYou have to get to 99 overall for these attributes, if you aren’t familiar with how the overall system works you basically have to subtract 5 from my attributes to see what you will have at 85-95 overall. 

It’s a pretty common build, point guard, yellow/red pie, 1 above minimum wingspan ( needed for ball handle), minimum weight (idc about strengthAt the beginning of the season Westbrook was playing horrible and forcing so many bad shots, he didn’t turn it around until like mid-December. At that point a LOT of people were beginning to question trading Chris Paul for Westbrook. Like I’d say in November about 70% of real Rockets fans wanted Chris Paul back. The whole idea seems laughable but RYou guys think having less skills is a bad thing. It’s a literal fact no big man has the skills of a smaller guard. 

Giannis is the tallest, longest and most athletic player on the court 90% of the time. Guys like Curry, Dame and Harden will never ever have any of those 3 physical advantages and are able to provide similar impact because they deveJust like when they said you could respec your character. 

And when they said you could change your takeover whenever 

And when they made your VC balance 0 if you played an event 

And when they banned people for losing a tournament 

And when they said we wouldn’t have the same neighborhood as last year 


It’s so crazy to me that they haven’t gDo you understand the trade value of a 6’10 23 year old superstar who is already one of the 3 best defenders in the NBA? Trading Mike Conley, Royce O’Neal and a first round pick for Simmons would be one of the most lopsided trades in sports history. It’d probably get vetoed. 

You’d need to trade a very good young player with great potential like aMost overrated player in the NBA.

You can’t just get more shot attempts for guys like Gobert and Capela. They’re so offensively unskilled the only way they can get shot attempts is if the defense messes up rotations. All he can do against a real defense is set screens. 

Gobert will never ever score 25 points in a playoff game, because no professiThere’s virtually no chance the Rockets who are banned in the largest country in the world, are also the most hated team in the US will be allowed to beat the Lakers who dominated ratings and media coverage when their best player was Jordan Clarkson, who has the most popular athlete of the 2000s and after the most popular Laker legend died. 

Even I’ve always thought Wade’s career to be overrated. He had almost no longevity thanks to injuries and in his very peak he was barely in MVP contention (Only 1 3rd place finish).  I don’t really understand why he’s commonly considered better than guys with better peaks and more longevity like Paul, Dirk, Harden, Russ, and Steph. 

His prime was 2004-NBA fans love this though. They want the NBA to like a reality show or a movie. So the media paints their good guys who can do no wrong (Giannis, Steph, Luka) and the bad guys who get criticized for anything they do good or bad (Bron, Harden, Kyrie, Russ).  It’s really surprising to me none of these guys have never really done anything about it. RuThey need actual judges. Not teammates of participants or people who will give 10 to Dwight Howard’s rim grazer because he wore Kobe’s number. They need to get involved with a gaming commission, and use whatever training boxing uses. I saw one “perfect” dunk tonight yet I’m pretty sure over half of the dunks tonight got perfect scores. 


They alsoAriza was always slightly overrated. He never made a single all defensive team, while Covington made 1st team. 

It’s funny how when we got Ariza, we were a huge joke for replacing Parsons with Ariza, but when we lost him in 2018, it was the end of the world and he was an elite role player. He did absolutely nothing in his 4 years of play here to mDoes anyone notice how energetic Harden was yesterday today? Even when he went off the game before he was just going through the motions and playing normally. But today he looked different almost Russ- like, maybe you’re right and this was something he’d been wanting for awhile. 

Also another point not being mentioned is we will have our Full MLE There’s literally no such thing as empty stats, unless you have absymal efficiency which isn’t common among most 25ppg+ guys. Imagine thinking you could help your team by scoring less. If Karl Anthony Towns or Devin Booker were on a good team, their stats wouldn’t change. If anything they’d get better because it’s easier to score with more talent aAbsolutely, I don’t get why he doesn’t get more recognition. Efficient 19-22 ppg scorer, all time great passer with extremely low turnovers and an all time great perimeter defender. He’s pretty much the best All Around PG. I really hate the things casual fans have come to value. He could of played at the exact same level he did his entire career, bThe Jazz gimmick ass ball movement offense doesn’t work against a team that actually switches on defense. They consider Rudy Gobert an MVP candidate and he can be made useless by a role player every single game. No matter how racist and barbaric their crowd can be they will never beat the Rockets and always get the karma they deserve. Fuck all JazzAll the posts were removed except for this one with the least sensationalist title. Pretty fucking pathetic to attempt to defend that. 

Playing an event isnt a glitch, you can’t rob people because they played an event. This is no different than if Wells Fargo said “We’re closed, all your money is ours now”. This is something that should have catasThe NBA has to do something about how often defenses foul, you can watch any NBA game and at least every other possession there will be contact that could be called a foul and isn’t. 

It makes the game feel random when in a close game, both teams are hacking each other and fouls aren’t being called consistently. This happens in almost every singleI tried to go for gold pistols, but it’s just not possible for me with SBMM. Every lobby is a full team jumping around corners with the MP7 or M4A1. I have a 1.6 KD from just using ARs/Subs/Snipers but there’s no way I can use this revolver in these lobbies. 

I even tried to play just TDM and shoot house and when I kill someone I can hear them calThe only way on ESPN to know your draft position over an hour before draft is to have the commish ‘manually’ set it. When you manually set it there’s a randomize option. In every ESPN league I’ve ever played in the commish has done this just so we can know ahead of time what pick we have. 

Even if he did purposely put himself at #1, is that reallyI did one with randoms on ESPN just for the fun of it, and I guess no one had any clue what they were doing. The draft rankings aren’t changed at all from Week 1 so in a 10 team league I drafted Russell Wilson, Dalvin Cook, Nick Chubb, Chris Godwin, Cooper Kupp, Austin Hooper, Chris Carson and the Pats D. With Chark, Waller, McLaurin, and Ekeler on