Definitely take this route. You’ll only have to worry about the coquihalla, but it’s designed with extra lanes and truck traffic in mind. The route you originally posted would be good if not for the stretch between New Denver and Kaslo. It’s a narrow, winding road with plenty of ups and downs. Lots of motorhome traffic through there, and it’s by noBy allowing the consultation and environmental impact assessment process to not even meet the bare minimum that *his government* dictated. It was essentially rubber stamped and passed to the next guy, leaving it open to the court challenges and multiple do-overs that we saw. Had it been done properly the first time, there’d have been shovels in theAs a complete outsider it’s my assumption that the relationship between the ATA and the government is the same as that of a battered housewife. They’ve been getting beat up by the public for going to bat for you guys against and antagonistic and abusive government for decades now. The government sobered up for a few years but is now back to coming One of my absolute favourite hockey moments was during the 2006 playoffs. Going into game 3, Oilers were down 2-0 against the Sharks. Chris Pronger took a shot and Ryan Smyth blocked it. With his face. Smyth came back in the third period down three teeth. They won the game in triple OT and ended up winning the series. We started a bonfire in front Lots of rural folks live just outside of more substantial cities, use those cities’ services and infrastructure bit pay absolutely minimal property taxes because the county really doesn’t have anything that needs paying for in comparison to the city. They’re called parasite communities. Chestermere, Bearspaw, and Springbank are excellent examples oNo worries dude, my family all shifted from PC to WRP so I’m intimately familiar with what their policies were. Part of the problem with trying to connect things is that for the entire NDP government they refused to release any policy alternatives beyond “NDP bad”, “woman premier bad”, and “lock her up”. So there’s essentially a four year gap in neI’m not happy about this whatsoever. This means that my family may *literally* lose the farm that’s been in the family going on five generations now. I’m also very aware that in political discussions with them before the election I was called an alarmist, communist, traitor, etc, because I told them that the UCP was going to take advantage of the fThe WRP absolutely used Brian Jean as a crutch to make moderate conservatives fed up with the PC’s entitlement like them. I disagree with Brian Jean on a great deal of things, but I’ll agree that he was a likeable and relatable human being. He didn’t so much keep the party in check so much as he was an excellent distraction from what the party, andI’ll be honest. I’ve watched three whole episodes of BBT.  One sometime in the first season that, while it was immensely cringeworthy and just boring, wasn’t *this* bad. I gave it another go somewhere in the fourth or fifth season and it was just plain bad. And a few weeks ago my MIL had it on in the background and I watched a whole episode. It wasNo, but bending over backwards to make sure that oil &amp; gas companies got special treatment wherever possible was definitely in the platform, if not in so many words. This is just the completely obvious and avoidable result of voting for a party that wants us all to sacrifice so that the most profitable industry in the world can eek out an extraMy entire family is rural. I understand the type of mental gymnastics they’ll do to insulate themselves from responsibility while blaming everyone else for not taking responsibility for their actions, politically. 


You’re not wrong for wanting to give people the benefit of the doubt. I’m absolutely in the same boat as you simply because I don’t sLook at the MLA’s that the UCP has. The overlap in WRP and UCP MLA’s is huge. The party ideals are identical, they just now have a leadership structure that has a decade of experience with this grift because many of them were imported from the CPC. It‘a not really my opinion that they’re the same party any more than it’s my opinion that Best Buy anThe UCP is *absolutely* the WRP. The WRP were religious fundamentalist “libertarian” isolationists and it was obvious to anyone who wasn’t a blind partisan. The UCP are what the WRP could only have dreamed of being now that they have an infuriatingly competent leader. To be fair, they do have a little added Reform and Christian Alliance in them thaI did no such thing. I have literally no idea who you are as a person, nor do I care. I just pointed out one of your previous accounts, which was banned for very badly trying to start a war, and repeated the company that you divulged that you were fired from when you were using that account. I think you mentioned something about Nancy Southern beinHow did they vote in 2015? The UCP is nothing more than the WRP swallowing up the last vestiges of the PC’s and led by a failed dominionist prosperity gospel preacher. If they voted majority WRP in 2015 (spoiler: they did) then they don’t get the benefit of the doubt. My entire family is rural and the few that have realized that their property taxe&gt; Now is the time we believe what the big evil *energy* company said.

FTFY

Why wouldn’t we believe them? Do they have a history of lying to maximize profits or something? Have they been sitting on studies for decades that prove that anthropogenic climate change is a direct result of burning fossil fuels, and have been running PR and disinformaI won’t disagree that there’s power in subtlety. I will absolutely disagree that “playing politics” here isn’t necessary. I suspect, though, that the MD leadership are probably UCP voters and unwilling to bite the hand that they were absolutely certain was feeding them. Yet.


Like I said, explaining that this is a decision by “the province” allowsJohnston Canyon isn’t a hike, it’s a guided walking path past some waterfalls. It’s worth doing once in the summer and once in the winter, but a hike it is not. Same for Marble Canyon. I’m a big fan of them both as tourist destinations, and things that every Albertan should check out at least once in their lives because they’re really quite nice. BWould have been better said if they had replaced “the province” with “the UCP government” to really drive home just how badly the residents fucked themselves by voting UCP effectively unanimously. They did this to themselves, they should have it spelled out for them in the plainest way possible. Describing this as a decision by “the province” allowSo what you’re saying then is that there was someone there without a mask and your first reply wasn’t 100% truthful or accurate?


And, I mean, if you’re forgetting a mask at this point you’re not taking things seriously and that just proves the point I made at the top. You don’t get to the store and realize you forgot to wear shoes or put pants onRural people come into the city all the time. My family is all rural. They’re not taking this seriously whatsoever. It wasn’t until one of their coworkers tested positive, in a town of 1,500, that they realized that this is an actual thing that is actually happening to real people and not just a leftist conspiracy to make Kenney look bad. 


That sTotal’s reason for leaving:

&gt; Total said it is leaving CAPP because of a "misalignment" between the organization's public positions and those expressed in Total's climate ambition statement announced in May


CAPP, and by association our UCP government, have just lost Alberta $9.3 billion in investment. 


Remember when you were crying over theWay to completely miss the point. The Reform Party and the Alliance Party merged. Then they took over the PC’s who were dead in the water after a bad election showing. They rebranded as the Conservative Party of Canada because they knew that keeping the obvious image of being a prairies-first prosperity gospel Christian fundamentalist party made thSo same play as Norway then? Brush it off and call them hypocrites. Fucking hell, is a little integrity from people too much to ask? The NDP had *literal death threats* because people *felt* like they were “scaring away investment”. The UCP and CAPP *are literally and provably scaring away investment as stated by the companies pulling out* and it’s&gt; Total said it is leaving CAPP because of a "misalignment" between the organization's public positions and those expressed in Total's climate ambition statement announced in May


Is anyone on this sub listening yet? Any of the diehard UCP petrosexuals want to chime in and tell me that investment isn’t fleeing because of the province’s lack of &gt; you’re asking for trouble and you found it


Holy fuck what an atrociously bad take. At no point should a negative review for a business lead to threats of “ruining your life” and a campaign of stalking and harassment. I’ve been shitposting all day to annoy the worst troll imaginable and this is still the dumbest fucking thing I’ve read all daI’m just picturing you on your death bed, your eyes flutter open briefly and you see someone changing a burnt out bulb in your room. You manage to collect the last of your strength to about “that had better not be an LED!”


Your eyes close, you exhale slowly as the last vestiges of life leave your body. Nurses run in to check on you. They check foThere are signs starting at the Harvie Heights exit in this order:


- 110

- 70 Ahead

- 70

- 50 Ahead

- 50

- Banff Park Gates are here

- 90


And then about another dozen or more signs saying Max 90 between the gates and the Icefields Parkway Exit. Either OP is lying about not seeing the signs or should really be paying a lot more attention wOkay, so you completely agree with the logic which was used by the NDP that ended up costing us $2 billion. Maintaining the inferior position of not having a carbon tax and not shutting down coal-fired power plants was worth the $2 billion. I’m glad we can agree on that.


And, yes, your position has been laughably consistent. It’s been “NDP always&gt; By cancelling incompetent ANDP policy


Okay, so you’re okay with governments cancelling contracts and as a result having to pay out $2 billion? Because you keep saying that you’re *not* okay with that. Again with the hypocrisy. Are you ever going to keep your narrative straight or are you just too vapid to make a cogent point here?


As for pYou didn’t correct anything. You stated that we have $50 billion in debt that says “REEE NDP BAD”. I pointed out that the UCP *added* to the debt by posting a larger deficit than the NDP *immediately upon forming government*. Do keep up. I know it’s hard for you, that’s why I’m making my replies very short and sometimes repeating the points that yoDeficit adds to debt. So I’m gonna just go ahead and stop you right there because despite your pretentiousness you clearly have no fucking clue what you’re even talking about.


Either that or you can’t even keep your own narrative straight. Pathetic.


Add to that that you’re pissed about the NDP cancelling a contract that ended up costing the proHow much of that is from the 2019/20 UCP deficit? A quick google search gives me multiple sources saying that it was $8.7 billion, up from $6.7 billion in 2018/19, and $2 billion more than what the NDP were projecting for 2019/20. 


Fiscally responsible my left nut. Only the UCP could cut spending and simultaneously increase the deficit and have pShall I start counting the times the PC/WRP/UCP asked for Notley’s head on a silver platter for the crime of being a woman with an orange name tag in a position of power? How about the number of times they, along with the CPC have asked for Trudeau to be tried for treason because of his hair, beard, or socks?


There are legitimate criticisms to beThey won’t vote it down because they have ample evidence that Albertans only care about even the perception of impropriety when it’s attached to a red or orange logo. Shandro doesn’t need to have absolute control over tabling the bill to profit from it. 


And he already showed that he can change things as health minister that allow his spouse, andMy point is you’re claiming “both sides” about something that is very much a right wing problem. The media landscape today makes it so. Every single major media outlet in Canada is pro-conservative or conservative owned, except CBC. There is a distinct through-line from “I vote conservative” right to hard-right conspiratorial violent extremism. TheAntifa isn’t a leftist thing. It’s only a leftist thing if fascism is a right-wing thing and if fascism is currently happening. But Antifa isn’t even really a *thing*. Especially not in url yes, seriously. The communist revolution in Russia didn’t happen in Canada in the last 15 years bolstered by a media landscape that created a funnel into hard If you’re paying $50,000 in income taxes you make $162,000 a year. The median *household* income in Canada is less than half that. 


Please forgive me for not giving a single solitary fuck that *you personally* only have about $9,000 a month after taxes to live on. Most *households* have to stretch that same amount over 2.5 months.


And it’s wort&gt; Ah yes, steal the peoples money to maintain an unrealistic pattern of spending. 

TexasNorth confirmed.

&gt; Name for me one province, one fucking nation that has taxed itself to prosperity. Please.

Denmark


You done, sweetums?


Also, I didn’t respond to the rest because it was just more conversation disruption tactics that sidestepped whaCan you show me evidence of that happening within the past 15 years in Canada? That’s about how long we’ve been seeing a rise in hard-right crazies being indoctrinated by Rick Bell and Ezra Levant, who then turn to even further violent conspiratorial nonsense, because Postmedia is “leftist media”, that convinces them that they should perform an armSo you don’t deny then that this is your nth alt after being banned for trying to incite violence. I’m sure the mods will love that. Maybe learn to follow rules and your time on the internet, and in real life, won’t be so miserable that your only outlet is to badly argue with people you disagree with to the point where you think that inciting violeNot Trudeau, but I think an apt comparison:


I remember seeing stories about Rachel Notley getting *credible* death threats at an alarming rate. Something like 2 per month while she was premier of Alberta. That’s credible threats, not just random Twitter trolls. And those were multiple per day that were considered beyond the realm of chatter and iHonestly, it’s the only part of your comment I disagree with. We have clear evidence of far right organizations radicalizing the more susceptible of conservative followers in this country. There’s a clear path from “I vote conservative” to “Justin Trudeau is a deep state Zionist son of Fidel Castro trying to start a race war against whites and Albe&gt; Ah yes, steal the peoples money to maintain an unrealistic pattern of spending. 

TexasNorth confirmed.

&gt; Name for me one province, one fucking nation that has taxed itself to prosperity. Please.

Denmark


You done, sweetums?


Also, I didn’t respond to the rest because it was just more conversation disruption tactics that sidestepped whaThere’s the misrepresentation, deflection, and goalpost moving! And one more bonus point for saying that something that *did* happen actually didn’t. And you’re so confident about it too. I’ll let you figure out which one it is on your own. You can start by googling “NDP renewable energy contract” without the quotes. You also need to adjust your tiThey did no such thing. The plan to “cannibalize” carbon tax revenues was to come into play in either 2020 or 2021 when the federal carbon tax mandated that they increased the provincial tax beyond what was necessary to pay for their proposed programs. Anything over $30/tonne wasn’t necessary for the programs they were running and had proposed, butI’m not the one you initially responded to so before you chastise others for being vapid maybe you should check who you’re responding to, but:


1. Utilize our massive solar and wind generating potential to reduce our baseline need for natural gas to a bare minimum. 


2. Add a building code requirement for solar panels and whole home batteries forTelling people not to talk about problems if they don’t have a solution is just your way of shutting down any conversation about problems that you don’t want to hear because it makes you uncomfortable about things that you hold near and dear that other people think are problems. 


And no, my example is perfectly fine. And there’s nothing here thatJust because someone can see that something doesn’t work doesn’t mean that they have to have exact solutions. That’s not how this works. That’s not how life works. That’s how workplace responsibilities work and that’s about it. I can plainly see that dumping garbage into the ocean isn’t a good solution to trash disposal, but that doesn’t mean that I mean, yeah they’re doing it now that they’ve been forced to by Covid skullfucking the economy. But don’t forget that one of their first actions as government was to eliminate the tech industry targeted incentives that the NDP brought in because “diversification is a luxury that we can’t afford right now”. 


I’m glad they’re coming around but theI’ve found that for yield it really comes down to how you’re training the plant early on. I do a combination of low stress training to turn each of the branch nodes into “main” colas, and then trimming each of those after the second node to get more branching. It’s all small indoor grows using autoflowering plants so I’m getting about 90-120g per pI can grow my own within 80% the quality of bought with just basic stuff. Honestly, I just ignore all of the “conventional wisdom” about things like nutrients, special soils, distilled water, etc. I treat it like I’m growing tomatoes or peppers with a grow light and it works out really well. 30L felt pot, tap water, Pro Mix, and Miracle Gro 20-20-2It’s not my opinion about the CPC. It’s the absolute fact of the matter. The PC’s were dead in the water, the Reform and Alliance parties had merged, and then they took over the PC’s and rebranded as the CPC. That. Is. Fact. 


And yeah, I’m done here. I’ve explained over and over why efficient votes are better than regional mass appeal and why an Let me be clear; I suspect you’re being purposefully obtuse and partisan about the very simple idea that the party that appeals to the values of more regions of the country is more deserving of forming government than the party that appeals to the values of the vast majority of people in *one* region at the expense of alienating the vast majority o&gt; it means they are appealing to canadians spread across the country


DING! DING! DING!


Our government should be governing for Canadians across the country, not just one region. A CPC government based solely on AB/SK votes would be just as pointless to the vast majority of Canadians as a Bloc government. 


I don’t know how much more obvious Nobody is proposing doing surgery with a hatchet. 


Our rules around alcohol are different than our rules around cannabis are different than our rules around tobacco are different than our rules around caffeine are different than our rules around sugar. Not all drugs are addictive and not all addictive substances are “drugs”. 


Decriminalizing, aBecause some substances, like alcohol, make you feel really good, are super addictive, and can totally fuck up your brain. When drugs are criminal, it's harder for kids, people with mental disabilities and anyone else to get their hands on them. Breaking an alcohol addiction is no small thing.


Alcohol withdrawal can literally kill you. That's prourl

That was a continuation of him trying to claim that I’m a failed NDP candidate who handed out donuts at the c-train

url

There’s more of the same


url

Here’s him claiming to know who I work for

url

That’s more of him claiming I used to be an NDP MLA


I reported all of those. And those don’t even include him telling other people who he th1. Don’t put words in my mouth. Whether or not FPTP is good or bad isn’t being discussed and I didn’t bring it up. That’s your straw man to fight. 


2. I have more than explained how the regionalization of the CPC is an issue. If they continue to just pander to Alberta and Saskatchewan, the most seats they can ever win is 48. *But* the fewest seatIt’s relevant because it just simply is. Let’s look at Quebec since this started with a comparison of the Bloc and NDP. 


The Bloc only exists in Quebec. There are roughly 3.845 million voters in Quebec. If 35% of those all voted for the Bloc, and that was split evenly across all ridings, that would be 1,346,100 votes for the Bloc and they would h