And then we learned not to "stick it out" when you're unhappy bc it just makes it suck more later. There may have been a time you could have reconciled with your ex but you let it go too long. I get it. I have an exgf I feel terrible about causing heartbreak but I was terribly unhappy bc of things she did and it's better for me this way and better url
Shoulders tight, not rotated. 

Watch Rip's vids, read book, eat whole cow, get swole.
Squat initiates at the hip, not knees. When you get to 300lbs you really don't want knees much in front of your foot, you want that hip drive/hinge. Better coaches will be on I'm sure, but some useful practice I've found is to stand with toes an inch or so frChina made me sad. For sure not a country you want to talk on while you are there, they are liable to lock you up. But LeBron isn't the morality police man. Plus he probably lives in an echo chamber just like the rest of us so maybe the injustice he hears the most about is the stuff he stands up about if it's a day where he feels like getting involYou can skip the series 70 collet bushing and series 80 firing pin block with the Springer. Just a 1911 how John Moses Browning intended. They are great especially for the money. I'd go for a Dan Wesson if my tastes were richer than Springfield... That said I'm more easily swayed by sales than I should be so I'd come home with a chromed potato if iI think I have omega one right now. I also mix in some random bugbites pleco food I have. I try to break up any larger pieces so it can feed all the tank a balanced diet and they snack 3-4x a day. I've never had any luck getting fish to eat regular veggies but I keep edible plants in their tanks so maybe that's why. Also most of the really chunky sCode generators, enterprise schedulers, etc.. My boss thinks I'm the perfect balance of creative and lazy. I'm actually hard working but I will look for an easier way to do everything. I have had bosses in the past who didn't believe I completed tasks bc I figured out how to do them much faster than anticipated. More recently we backfilled a highlyMetroplex and kanaplex are two medications that pretty much cover all your bases. Focus is a binding agent. I mix a scoop of each into a couple ounces of mixed food - like pellets, flake, freeze dried worm, and veggie/algae rounds. Break up and big pieces. Then pour a bit of garlic guard in it - which is legit just garlic juice. Stir it all togetheStarted 6 months ago w a free inexpensive press from a friend and $50 die set. Thousands of .45, .38, .357 shot (I likes to shoot) and not one problem. Got some reloads from and inlaw and it was squib city  but it is a noticeable sound difference. I suggest a low pressure cartridge to start, eyeball every case to make sure it is primed, finger everI've woken up states away and unaware how i got there.  Woken up with my face and hands busted to shit, woken up with a broken arm, woken up with guns and drugs, and money, woken up with multiple naked women, woken up in jail. The kind of drunk I am now is one who barely drinks. I don't know if I'm going to win or lose when I get bent, but I know tShoot the crap out of it. Wilson 47d and cmc or Wilson 10rnd mags. If you start modding, you will discover what you like, then discover it would have been cheaper to buy one that came with those things. You have a classic car. You can turn it into a racer, but you're going to end up with multiple 1911s and turn this one back to classic unless you gI had one side that was pretty messed up. I'm not sure if my experience can help but I hope it does. I had to stretch my pec and shoulder and do a lot of rotator cuff exercises (external rotations, band pull aparts, etc) for a couple months and now it is mostly better. I have to do pull-ups/chin-ups and rows regularly and I do more rotator work eveSounds like you figured it out. It's porous and holds oil to the metal. If that oil is salt and sweat, you get rust. It should hold up better than blueing if you keep it oiled. Both clp and clenzoil have worked well for me so far. I over oil the surface after cleaning and let it sit till it soaks in. Then i do it again. think baking on cosmoline isIf I could find a range that had one locally... I really want to find out first hand. Since all I have is pics, I'd say it seems like a great revolver except that grip. My gp100 is amazeballs, but I want a &lt;=3" magnum for carry. Rhino might be the ticket, or not. I just think of blade runner when I see one, which is cool, but I can't drop that sLong winded.... I feel like every time I can cause a history lesson and a sane, rational discussion to happen about something that has been used to divide the country  to happen, I did the right thing by commenting. I love guns more that your average republican and I'm generally pretty hard left. I'm an insanely responsible and boring person. I thiAm I the only one who loves the hell out of shooting and guns and wouldn't give it up for nothing, but really thinks the 2nd is a nondescript, poorly written, ambiguous pain in the neck?  Not picking fights. Probably posting on wrong sub. Also, the bureau of alcohol tobacco and firearms hates all those things. Should be called the dept of ruining aI used some flitz (I normally polish with polishing pad and flitz and a generic Dremel), cloth, and a dowel after I got the grit out. Probably could actually polish it, but be careful on this one. You can't add material back. If I remember correctly, there is a lip at the front to stop plunger coming out, don't gring that off. I saw this on anotherEven a cheap single stage or turret will pay itself off real quick, but it's addicting. A friend gave me an old press for free and i ended up sinking a lot into supplies and accessories and now I'm shopping for more expensive presses. A $50 die set, a $20 scale, a $15 caliper, and a $100 press are a good way to get into it. You can use all the partOpposite here. New sp101 was gritty, used gp100 was great. That gritty stacking is probably where you need to use a 1/4" drill bit (by hand, no drill) and smooth out the channel for the trigger spring/plunger. I put a medium wolf spring set in the sp101, polished, and cleaned the poor machining out of that passage and it was like I had a much much My local indoor range will not permit uncased lead. I reload poly coated 125s over 5 grains of universal and get fantastic results. I'm not suggesting you start reloading so you can get your cost down, as you front-load costs by buying equipment. However, I feed my 1911 and my wheel guns at around 8-12 cents a round and 38 is about the easiest caliTry a few light reps with your toes up. That will get you off the front of the foot and put the weight where it should be. The bar dipping forward on your way up is when your hips drive up faster than they straighten and your weight goes forward toward your toes. Keep it over the middle of your foot and work on form before you add weight. I'm sure As others said, lower hooks so you don't have to go in toes to rack after. Should just walk it forward till you hit the rack. Try to put the heel of your hand on top of the bar. I tell trainees to pull the bar into you instead of holding the bar up with the hands. I really got better depth and power when I started using lifting shoes and a belt.. Iurl

This is about as good as anything. Hatchling food, then expand diet as they grow. Make sure to change the UV bulb every 6 months (depending on kind you have). Keep water clean and don't let kids drop them. They need a lot bigger tank as they grow. 2 6" turtles won't be happy in a 20 gallon aquarium. I'm looking forward to mine outgrowing the tI fed hatchling food bc everyone I asked about it said to. Uv B bulb, water with filter and heater and frequent changes with prime, nothing they will get stuck in and places to rest/hide... Should basically be it till they aren't hatchlings. Then you can feed the assorted foods they make for adults and whatever treats you want that are healthy for I went from a haswell to ryzen in 2 steps. I got a gtx1080 on a good deal when they were new and later a ryzen 2600/motherboard/ram. It is a whole other PC now with no old parts and I ended up rebuilding the original parts into a PC for my kids. The main steps are the video card and the cpu/ram/board. Id upgrade whichever your bottleneck is first, Bruh... I love ya and I fell ya and I've got a tip that will save your soul. Stop explaining yourself to people who shouldn't fucking matter. Dump the trash in the dumpster and don't look back. You deserve something better and it's time to quit asking a shit pile to be a fucking unicorn. Sack up, admit you wasted your time, and live the goddamn lifIn my experience the first month or so you are knocking the rust and crap off the machinery and making slow gains. I knew how to do it and what it should feel like but last time i was still learning that at the same strength level. It would be easy to be overconfident and take risks. After a little while the support muscles and flexibility is back This makes me sick. I own guns and enjoy owning them, but not more than I love my kids. I'm more than happy to submit to a much more thorough background check than what I've been through and I'm a huge gun control advocate who would love to own tanks and machine guns. Any 5 idiots locked in a room could come up with a better system than the politicMy best is post blackout. Long time ago when I was a broke punk kid.. Woke up 400 miles from home with 2 women pushing me into a shower bc I smelled so bad. I didn't remember a couple days and but I had a lot of money and no idea how I got it, so I called around and pieced the preceeding week together to make sure it was mine. It was so I bought onI'd vote Springfield. They make good stuff at a good price and you can get a lot of good deals on them. Also tons of them like new on the used market for cheap. I picked up a loaded parkerized model that was a safe queen. Not series 70 or 80, lot of forged parts, match barrel, goes boom every time. I switched out the guide rod and bought Wilson magThis ∆∆. Change in diet does more than cardio for weight. Adding muscle changes what that weight is made of to something that consumes more calories and looks better, raising metabolism. That said, being able to run a couple miles is always healthier than not being able to. Your cardio is less intense than some people's jobs, and they can still lifIs there a way to get Reddit to remind me of this 12 years ago? Lol. Lots of truth. Benjamin Franklin said something about if you get someone to do you a favor, then they feel invested in your success and continue to do you favors. I wonder if that is how they get the hooks in. Maybe a narc uses this good money after bad impetus for gain and controNotice your ass coming up and then your chest? They come together. As was said, spine looks over extended. I'd say drop the weight and squat onto a box or bench. When the core is stable and you are keeping the same angle out of the hole you had going in, go back up. Changing lift means learning new mechanics. If the weight is low a week or two, no I've treated for 2 weeks with a raised temp and several meds (metroplex, rid ich, now  ich-x). Almost the whole tank died off. Down to two Otto cats and 2 Bolivian rams. This is the only guy who looks sick now. I almost have the QT setup complete so this never happens again and this tank will be torn down completely w all things washed. If this isnWay more constructive than getting smashed and making poor decisions. I ended up blindsided w a 2 and 4 yr old full time working 50 hours a week and the gym had childcare. It was the only time I had to myself. The outcome had me looking amazing, but I felt 2 inches tall for another year. Once I recovered emotionally, it really made my miserable attTake a deep breath, look in the mirror, repeat after me. "I am normal. I am ok. My feelings are natural and fine."

This is so important. It's ok to feel however you feel. There is nothing wrong with your feelings or who you are. Accept and welcome it. Nietzsche said something about the tallest trees having the deepest roots. Byron spoke of spirituI mean, it doesn't matter what you do. You gonna stop someone from being crazy by exposing yourself to it? Ok. She might fightclub herself and claim you abused her for revenge. Maybe she'll try to sleep w you. Maybe she'll cry and beg till you walk away. Who knows. 

Know what won't happen? You won't have a sane conversation with a narcissist aboutI mean, it happened. Mine had a new kid and got engaged, then unengaged then idk what but not living together. Children's services was over there and came to talk to me about what was going on, the oldest didn't talk for 2 days then asked why my new wife and I never yell at each other. The kids weren't being abused and they had food and the situatiLooked like the bar was rolling before you lifted. I tell my guys the bar doesn't move after your hands touch it, lower calf's to the bar, not bar to calfs. Learning deadlift I started w standard 25s. I pulled those off 45s lying down as a platform. A few years back I got cheap 25 bumpers at Walmart for about $40 that would work here. Get that bar 1. Back looked very straight. Good job.

2. Wobble coming off the ground on first rep only. Once you set it down you were set up right and showed you can pull this much weight without the wobble. Untamed has a pretty good video url

3. Are your big plates smaller than normal diameter?  Might add more depth than is comfortable if so.

Seriously thouI haven't read it elsewhere, but I really think they believe they are worthless somewhere deep down inside and need to maintain this facade to everyone, self included, so they don't have to face it. Like if they stop and look at, they will fall apart... But it just leads to bigger and bigger delusion as they maintain it. From a mile away with a cri2-3 years ago I didn't know much about AD (don't have enough time to watch all the teams) but I saw him in a game or two and he reminded me of 90's center allstars when he was in the paint. Robinson, Ewing, etc.. the size and athleticism plus modern ball style, sick. I hope he stays healthy and I think him swinging hammers is going to add years to Entropy. Everything dies... Someday you will look back and see it created new life. If you let it, your new life. It's so easy to dwell in what you've lost. It's very natural and normal and fine for you to feel pain and confusion and loss. If you didn't feel that way you would be a sociopath. But remember, the rest of your life is going to hinge onYou think Wilt in the modern era would play the same way as 1960s? That's the issue. He could drop in as a decent 5 right now... But if he was 25 right now he would play like a stronger shaq/AD hybrid with better passing and we would be having that GOAT conversation. When you go outside of eras you can't argue one way or another bc it's so differenOpposite. Old now but was naturally great at sports. Can't always turn my head without pain now. Can't shoot basketball for a couple hours with kids without old broken elbow hurting. Bad disc can't deadlift much over 300 without leg going numb. But there's still a sport for old busted cats. The highland games. I can Chuck a tree hella far when I'm Guardian ad litem. Have one, agrees w me, agrees that's not enough abuse for court to do anything. One smack ya hear of is probably 100 you don't, but you can prove what? Children's services got called there by someone else. When they came here to talk to us, they reported that they don't need to get involved bc I've got kids in counseling and I keMy nex forever be recording things like it's gonna prove anything. I sat in court with a binder of meticulously prepared (by me) text exports that proved Nex constantly lying and not pulling weight and Nex kept having me reread things like it was going to prove anything other than my point. Delusion of being right is hilarious in hindsight. Let theHard with kids. My nex asked one of our kids if they trusted the nex or me and new spouse more. Kid said us bc we never lie and got hit for it. It's terrible bc it should never happen, but it was what it took to get things in the open and have real talk w a ten yr old. And no, the court wouldn't do anything about it and kid still wants to see otherThe rondo 17-10-7 at Celtics was hella fun to watch last season and for the money he brings a lot to the table. Dude can still ball and but makes more sense with limited minutes, specifically when lbj is sitting and we need offense and a floor general. I don't see other options for that specific situation at pg. I'd suspect we start AB,DG,LBJ,AD,JMSo many things you say are so true!!!! These a-holes should come with a warning. I think it isn't necessarily about hurting people, but they don't care at all about anyone other than themselves and will hurt someone for sport or immediate gain. I've got a theory that rather than face their miserableness or some trauma at some point, they were able The cool thing about unicorns is THEY ARE FUCKING UNICORNS. Stop worrying bc some asshat wanted a donkey. You have plenty of time and a lot of us have rebuilt from nothing before and if a dump truck like me can do it, a unicorn will have no problems. Losing your sense of self at the end of a relationship is completely normal and everything you are A narcissist is someone who is playing a game against everyone else, not with you. He can change the rules all day and all that matters is "winning" and the prize is proving he's great. It's a weird sick need to be right/good/smart/attractive/etc. It doesn't matter what the impact is or how miserable their or your life is in the process, and it wilMy daughter wanted to build her own for her 10th birthday (she's unique, wanted fake nails, an easel, and a rifle that Christmas). It ended up being a great opportunity to generate parts by building myself a new system.... If I'm a jerk because I dropped a grand on myself for her birthday, turn to page 14. If I'm a great dad because I taught my kidCluster B personality disorders are weird like that. Their perceived reality is really important and they can choose to new facts in order to support it. Think of it as them living in a fantasy world where they are an important person and have never been in the wrong. It isn't true, but this is a person who does not care about truth, obviously. It'Heck yeah. You've probably got PTSD and very likely need counseling. I was a combination of freaked out by being alone and unwilling to form meaningful attachments for years. Why not, too? Anyone who dates you while you're fresh is trying to rescue a cute shelter dog. No idea what they are getting into - and you don't know how you're going to behav200k plus. Probably close to 250. That's a 2 year div where Nex went through attorneys like socks while I paid that 200+ in legal expenses. Also a 1 year modification process when nex couldn't handle minimal responsibilities, nex's objection to the outcome, and an appeal to the dismissal of the objection. Nex had filed a million things pro se (withGotta say, potato famine is an iffy example. Laissez-faire economic doctrine took tons of food out of Ireland during the famine. Government policy was why the Irish only had potatoes (this is bad government), and an unwillingness to interfere with the economy is why there was no help. You could say the Irish potato famine is an example people rightTangent here, sorry... 

white kids in the suburbs are not normally taught by their parents what to do when dealing with police officers so as not to be shot. there have been multiple studies done on hireability using nearly identical resumes and white vs black sounding names. I read something on a police sensitivity training session that focused oThink about things before you respond. If you have to, mandatory 1 hour delay between his text and your response. Be calm before you engage. This is a person who is more interested in causing harm that anything else. Stay cold. Be a machine. That's the only way I've been able to handle mine for 7 years, and she still figures out how to push buttonsI woke up the only person caring for a 2 and 4 yr old and legal bills and daycare and two jobs and omgwtf. I feel ya and the damn cops were telling me they see this all the time. It's a pile of suck but I promise you that you come out waaaaaay stronger than you ever thought possible and the kids are worth it. This happens to single mothers all the I had an old friend tell me years later some shit that never happened that my ex was telling people. I got off Facebook for good as soon as someone I didn't know tried to fight me when I got full custody. Like "nope, no more internet". Nobody fought me. She burned every bridge eventually and I rebuilt my life. Lost everything and had it all back on