People are complaining about the graphics because that’s all we have a hold of right now, if the demo was public and the game played bad people would complain about that too, I love Halo and want it to succeed but I’m not going to try and defend some of the things I saw yesterday, the chief looks absolutely amazing and the main villain of the trailSince when? E3 is notorious for showing an “in game engine” demo when the final product has to be extremely toned down graphics wise. The controversies of them showcasing their game on a very high end pc to stimulate the best graphics ever is super common. Think division/watch dogs, and many others. This is not common to have worse graphics displayYou keep saying there isn’t reasons for anything else but there is, just because you disagree doesn’t make advertising a polished product extremely important. If they aren’t capable of running a new demo on a newer build from home in the past few months then why are you assuming they are going to be able update the models and graphics from home as You don’t showcase earlier models when advertising your product to the general audience for the first time. You showcase the most polished product you can. In a world of companies showcasing a video game that is way more polished then the final product ends up being, there is no way Microsoft would want people seeing something worse than it actuallYou are commenting your status to give everyone an impression that you know more about high end content. If you raided with another player with the same spec as you who had better gear you would know that you were handicapped and had to try really hard to perform as well if not better than them. Being locked behind that power difference because of &gt; I am part of the 1%

&gt; cutting edge raiders just like me

&gt;I am in a stable raiding guild that has placed below top 800 for all of BfA

You have got to stop man, its cringey and weird that you both don't understand the frustration of being locked to power and that you are arguing against having free choices without regret in world of warWhere did you grab the "all classes" from? He is talking about efficiency on one character. I know a mage that swapped from arcane, to frost, to fire all the time. Different Azerite pieces/ Essences/ and Corruption all were able to be moved around to perform best on whatever spec he was playing. The problem is with covenants if you pick the best peTo be fair I have met my fair share of “sherpas” who take it as their god sworn duty to tell everyone exactly what to do and demand people to only speak when spoken to. It can go both ways. But this is the risk of running specifically as a Sherpa, you run into people just trying to have fun, or socially awkward people that aren’t aware of how much You spew your opinion like it’s fact, casters on most games are all generic and the same and I actually found Rich entertaining and brought me to watch Arenas and MDIs because of him. You don’t need to shit on someone in a comment section after they have already been fired from their main position because you don’t like them at all, it’s unnecessarI agree with taking a break being positive, but I disagree with Bungie’s model of gameplay promoting doing so, it feels like the opposite to me. 

the game better promoted taking a break when they didn’t remove any content. If you took an extended amount of time off you could always come back and play almost any content from D2.
Since the season ofI just hope in the future one small fraction of the community, whoever it may be, doesn’t speak volumes for a larger portion of the community than they actually represent. Personally I didn’t even know there was one person recognized for “creating” the joke, I have been hearing ____ eats crayons far before destiny. I have never once associated it wHold up, you can’t say everything he has been accused of has been backed up, he has been accused of having sex and sending dick pics to minors, and the only proof is a few girls saying they knew someone that he did that to, the only verified text chains are of him continuing to pursue girls of age. Stuff like this matters when there are all sorts oHow does this argument hold up at all? If my daughter was 18 and had sex with a 40 year old celebrity I’d be upset but I’m not going to throw a tantrum and try and burn him down to the ground. She has every right to do what she wants sexually with another consenting adult. If he is guilty of fooling around with minors then fuck him, but acting likeI’m not sure who you are seeing that are disputing that he wasn’t creepy and preying on young girls, the part where you have to be careful is the posts saying “my friends sister has sex with him when she was underage” are true because he also messaged you in creepy format.

He is a creep for sure but you can’t just say everything thrown into this gHe most definitely hooks up with young girl’s, I’m just either really bad at Twitter or missing the pictures of girls proving they were underage when he pursued them, I keep seeing the pic of a girl saying she was 17 and him saying too young and waiting a year to reach out again(creepy) I just don’t get the grounds of people wanting to cancel the dyup, speakers fine, its tied to the save. I restarted PC to be sure.

I started up the game, same intro sounds all good, but as soon as i load the save that was used when i died it bugs out the sound and its muffled and static-ey. And every save I load after that keeps the bug. I found a work around by loading a save that was a half hour earlier anYeah I have a suspicion that the pyramids are a bit larger than those lol(Edit: I now realize that guy standing at the bottom is on top of a distant cliff so the ships just appear really small), but I would be surprised if I missed pyramid concept art, ive been hording official concept art for wallpaper fuel since Destiny got announced. Stuff like Bungie is infamous for changing directions in Destiny, since Destiny 1. There was several pieces of cutscenes that never made it into the game that were advertised in the trailers. I’m not surprised if they design these cutscenes with other story arcs in mind and then change them to fit whatever goals they feel necessary. Sometimes they find placesYou can stop saying literally, its not adding anything to your points. You don't realize that your team is using seasonal mods if you think you can easily do endgame and deal with high end champions with no specific gear. Where are you planning on being 100 light levels lower than enemies with your artifact and exotics being cap? If you can breeze "and then lose interest in the new end game content since I can't take anything I want here/the entire reason I played this game was being able to use any piece of gear anywhere" -  "The champion system is notoriously bad and I've been pretty much avoiding content that forced me to use the champion mods" So you have been avoiding all current endgamI understand your point and many feel the same way, but it’s up to whether or not you want to evolve the game loot wise or if you want the loot pool to stay stagnant and just carry the same guns into year 3 and 4 and 5. Nobody likes being forced to change load outs but Bungie feels like they know this will make the game feel fresh and you don’t havThat’s fine. I think there are always outliers that get highlighted like the people that threaten devs or throw hateful insults at them. But I think the majority of people that paid for this game and love it like me want a reason to play it when they gather years of feedback and testing for things to be stale. There’s no excuse for the hype and allIt was more of a joke on my part but stepping away from Destiny is now more negative then ever with how much they double downed on FOMO and “you had to be there” moments. You step away and you miss exotics, game modes, and other content that is gone forever(or at least until they bring it back to the loot pool) You don’t get to save up on content aThat boss that hired employees to communicate with said person on weekends or whenever to get feedback and rolls out business meetings that were developed months ago with a big team of people that are supposed to test these meetings and run with the feedback however every meeting that has come has fallen short of the feedback given to those communiIt was a comedic comparison to be humorous. You need to stop acting like everyone in the sub is one person and how they all disagree with you. When most of the sub is complaining about the same thing that’s tens of thousands of people agreeing to the same thing. If you feel like someone isn’t entitled after spending 60 for a base game and then fullPeople have been saying fix your game far before the bugs. Fix your game is something said by people when they don’t like the current state and want something new. So nothing like a leaky roof, just a boring apartment and telling the landlord to fix it. Now there is a leaky ceiling in said apartment so there is something to directly complain about.You’re right. Maybe the game isn’t bad, but then why are there massive amounts of complaints from subs built from sharing news about Destiny? I subbed here to learn about news of a game I loved to play and so did many others and there are thousands of complaints due to devs continuing to push content that feels stale. Each season teased with a vidoIn your scenario the cook would have made the tendies months ago and promised they are listening to the feedback about them and are yet again served cold.

If we want to use a strange comparison of serving food, this would be the equivalent of the menu advertising a 4 course meal option describing unique tastes to each one and then serving four of the dude with -50 downvotes isn't the loud person ruining this game. People at blizzard are a bit wiser than to just give the community what they want when they want shortcuts to their game. They had a way to give out legendaries because of the shitty way of acquiring them in legion. The titan residium was based on effort vs timegating to insure plThat’s exactly how the game is designed, they put power behind time gates. Wtf is going on in this sub lol.
Imagine if you could collect your weekly chest after every 15 you have done and stock up on titan residium quickly on a boosted alt. No waiting 6 weeks, just 6 ish hours of being carried through 15s. 
That’s the exact same result of having yoSay what you want, with numbers saying the game is still popular, none of my friends plan anymore, nobody in my clan even logs in. I hop in every once I. A while to check eververse and that is it. In my experience Destiny is in a vegetative state for people that have been around for a while and is popular amongst people that still have a lot to do.Mechagon has twin effect rings, you get to choose the trigger and the effect, this one is a trigger ring, all you need now is one of the effect rings such as raise your haste by x or deal damage to nearby enemies or heal nearby allies. There are also other trigger rings that drop such as when you attack an enemy from behind or when you heal an allyThe problem with this argument is that there have been three separate answers to my question with people who all seem to strongly believe they know the reason for the way Bungie does their business. I was just curious why certain aspects of the games, most importantly abuses that players can take advantage of get hotfixed very quickly vs . things tBecause there is a tiny fraction of valuable rewards that you receive for playing new content. The vast majority of new gear whether it be ships, sparrows, shells, ornaments, shaders, come from eververse. We have had the same bounties each week to get our supply of bright dust and purchase the stuff we want. So for the most part, since shadowkeep wThe only problem is that it takes real man hours to transfer old systems and replicate the way things used to work for the new servers and programming. They spent a lot of time on classic to get it right and personally I would like them just investing all their time into making retail wow good and just bring some magic of classic into the new game.Ok so here is the thing I don’t understand, if they continue rereleasing expacs under the “classic” game, isn’t the population going to dwindle with each new expac? I’m sure some people want to purely stay in classic or BC, what’s going to happen if they keep rereleasing new expacs but the OG players want to stay with vanilla. Servers are gunna be But why? Historically nerfing classes in line is always far worse than buffing other classes to have similar utility. You don’t main a DH but you want them to feel worse in a brand new expansion because you are salty.
I don’t see anyone making the same claims for windwalker, They've got mortal strike, insane mobility, ranged instant cc, an aoe stunDid you play wrath or cata? DK’s made up a giant margin of the players. They still overshadow demon hunter tanks by a lot. DH’s are the newest class in an expansion where a lot of other classes feel poor to play, of course there will be a lot of demon hunters. Look up damage numbers on any high end raiding group. Demon hunters are like 9th in damagImagine Bungie creating actually fun grinding quests to unlock all old iron banner/ trials ornaments. Layer it in with the current activities with new goals and you would still be able to show off what you did to earn them. They can't resell them in eververse or people would throw even more of a fit than they already do. Bring back old designs via I have my 100 mobility and 100 recovery set from season pass that i exclusively use. 
All in all i think its just annoying to hammer down the probably's of what will happen when its in a negative light and without any evidence of it even happening for the sake of what? Letting people know that they are(in your opinion) going to be let down with theYour realism is a theory based on past experienced and directed negatively towards a comment with no proof behind it. 

Your original comment that it is still only a chance to receive better rolls on gear, and that the vast majority of legendary gear is going to have low stats is completely opinion based, you have no idea what its going to be like.Not exactly, no. A specific pinnacle perk that only exists on one gun is far different than a gun having an extra perk. Even if it’s a perk picked from the same pool of perks the regular gun has and added on top of the other two, it would be great. You are grossly over exaggerating how much of an advantage that would give for people better than youNot only did you choose to use the most used weapon since shadowkeep, but a pinnacle weapon with a pinnacle perk that was nerfed for being too strong. Of course that would be terrible if the requirements to get a pinnacle gun like that would be a bad idea. Adept weapons in D1 had an intrinsic perk like snapshot sight or boost to handling and reloadFew things wrong with your comment.

 First and foremost in the most recent TWAB, seasonal armor's final slots will now be able to carry across seasons, so no you don't have to have to grind new armor in 3 months, not only that but you are going to be able to change affinity on gear which people have been begging for. 

Second you say there is no fI agree that the corruption system’s rng is absolutely terrible, but none of them change anyone’s rotation or approach to fights, same goes for the war forging and titan forging system.

Edit: to add to this, and I am fully aware of the downvotes incoming, but it’s absolutely rewarding. You are doing an insane amount of dps. The problem lies in theMy whole argument is that the season pass is something players can invest their time in with little effort bungie side. You came up with your own argument in your head and somehow applied it to me. I play with my friend who plays less than I do and he plays only on the weekends. What the fuck are you doing spending your time arguing with a random pI guess our idea of veteran is different then because all of my friends that have been playing since the start are bored and gone. You mention raids but there’s only one “new” one for veterans and veterans only do the chore of it for pinnacle rewards. The only thing we have received from seasons is sundial and vex offensive which are by far not aimI’m not sure if you have been aware in recent years of video games but it is getting increasingly common for developers to hold back content or rerelease old content and put it behind a paywall.
I’m not going to continue arguing with a random person how advertising the 200+ returning Pokémon to catch in the new areas behind a paywall is a sleazy seThis is the first dlc for a Pokémon game like this, why are you acting like the different Pokémon titles reusing Pokémon is the same? Micro transactions and paid DLC for old content suck for any game, and the fact that you are defending it because you had to pay to transfer Pokémon in the past is silly. They have never ever added a paid service to Worked in a place that sold mugs, same factory would make mugs out of different materials. Some were safe to dish wash, some not. When we updated them with new designs they threw the do not wash on all of the mugs rather than only the ones that needed to be hand washed, so it was part of my job to put stickers like these over the old label. 

I wasYou are preaching to the choir man but if you want to assume for a second that you know how to fund an entire company like Bungie be my guest because I wouldn’t know the first thing about it. 
You can assume Bungie is purposefully choosing money over pleasing their fans, but respectfully I want to assume they know how much eververse pisses people oFrom a business standpoint it definitely makes more sense to give out the essences so anybody returning or new players don’t want to quit on arrival rather than upsetting the players that grounded for them.

Personally I feel like people are more likely to quit wow due to not wanting to do the steep grind of essences rather than people quitting dueAlmost every single one of my friends that have tried Destiny say it’s one of the absolute best feeling first person shooters with how smooth the gameplay feels, but they stop playing because they feel like there’s no real reason to keep grinding out gear with no real place to test themselves besides the new raid that they are all geared for now afWhat happened with the vidocs of Luke Smith saying he wants this game to evolve into something for the hobbyists and hardcore? Why are we again catering to the people that may or may not stick with the game? 100% of my friends that have installed Destiny for free have already left the game. It’s down to me and one other friend of mine in my clan duBungie has this weird habit where they start these amazing deep storylines but then sprout up brand new storylines without getting even halfway through the previous story. Sometimes they go back and “finish” off the story lines through lore books and rarely through gameplay but I’m sure this is their idea of the end of the undying story and I honesThen cross that bridge when there is 980 content? There isn’t any right now and like you said they can add pinnacle rewards later. Your argument doesn’t make sense. We can grind endlessly with the artifact system there is just a far slower final 10 level gear grind than there has been before. But by the time you even get to 950 your artifact will gI am all 950, with artifact  I am 960. Tell me what problem you have with Bungie having a slow grind for a light level that has virtually no difference in the endgame difficulty? You are seriously heated over a virtual grind that has absolutely no difference in gameplay besides a range of 10 numbers displayed on your character page. 
If you assumed“So you think if someone promoted nazism on a blizzard livestream they should go unpunished“ there you are my man. You compared the two. Not too hard to use the scroll function on the mouse since the ol brain hat wasn’t working. Not sure what kind of person you have to be to spend your Friday night chewing out people arguing for human rights and deI wouldn't as a company boast that every voice matters if you are going to directly make a rule citing that if you voice something that damages their image that there will be consequences. Nowhere am I saying that there weren't rules that were broken but the fact that they can say every voice matters but penalize the people that state things they dTake a generally buggy here and there game like any bethesda game, and then make it perform on live servers with 20 other people trying to blast the shit out of stuff as well as building bases and thus adding more things to lag their already unstable servers. 

I actually liked it tbh, but its definitely shit compared to what everyone was expecting