I wish somebody would track porn preferences and compare them with political leanings, bet that would be interesting. I know somebody did a study of paying for porn per state and Utah came out on top, apparently the Mormons didn't know you can get porn for free.

How come nobody gets outed for watching porn (besides child porn)? Like I mean, hard cReuters articles tend to be fact-heavy and light on the editorializing. But honestly every news outlet will have a bias, even if it's on what to cover or not to cover, so you have to learn to read critically.

url

I read the NYT a lot and I'm very aware they have an elite left-leaning New Yorker bias, but they will publish falsehoods for the U.S.I knew about the underage rape allegation, how he tried not to pay contractors, allegations of mob involvement, racism against tenants, Trump university, Trump steaks, bankrupted casinos, failed football league. I'm not a New Yorker, I assume long-time NYers have heard way more. oh yeah and how his grandfather made his money off of prostitution, atoh hell yeah my mom knew somebody back in the day who worked at a clinic, where a woman could go and for any reason like missing her period, the doctors would administer a D&amp;C. Then a lot of times a fetus would come out, like oh that was an accident, we didn't know you were pregnant! This was before Roe vs. Wade. If you knew where to go and hadDamn I'm sorry that happened. Well at least you figured it out before you went any further like having kids. 26 is still young, you'll find somebody else (if you want to). I think you had a normal assumption, that your wife would put you first before her family. At least that's how it usually is in the U.S. and seems like in a lot of Western countrLady, nobody wants to go to a quiet restaurant and have a quiet meal with a shrieky baby around. Were they saying anything racist or they just didn't like the baby being noisy?

Dudes, it's a baby, if she's not throwing a massive colicky fit, consider yourselves lucky. You don't own the restaurant I'm assuming, so just chill.

All 3 parties seem liurl

"Disparities in Physicians' Interpretations of Heart Disease Symptoms by Patient Gender: Results of a Video Vignette Factorial Experiment."

J Womens Health (Larchmt). 2009 Oct; 18(10): 1661–1667.

"Conclusions:

Middle-aged female patients were diagnosed with the least confidence, whether for CHD or non-CHD conditions, indicating that their gI've had long standing mild asthma and allergies since I was about 5 but nobody figured it out until my late 30s, when I moved to a region where my allergies worsened enough that I went somewhere with what I thought was a nasty cold, and they referred me to an allergy clinic that actually tested me.

All those times being forced to run in cold weatI think I read in a TwoChromosomes thread a few people mentioned they said "Are you refusing to give me this test? Can I get it in writing?" to the doctor and it made the doctor change their mind about the test, but they weren't happy with the patient haha. 

Someone I know personally had a doctor refuse to give them basic medication and the patienI am a science-believing godless liberal but ... the problem is, if you can't work from home, and can't take your kid to work, and you're not independently wealthy, and don't have an easy childcare solution, what are you supposed to do?

If we buckled down and acted like this was WWII we could probably power through it -- find some way to keep peopJoke = Certain weird geeks do weird sexual shit at geeky conventions when it gets dark. (and in general, everything is more dangerous at night).

ComicCon is a huge convention that attracts all kinds of nerdy people including real extreme ones.

I'm a weird geek myself, but I do not engage in this kind of behavior and am rather embarrassed by it. HState senators are very different from U.S. senators, it's really important to make the distinction. A U.S. senator is more powerful on the national level, of course. There's only 2 of them per state. 

Every state has lots of state senators; a few may be fairly powerful in their home states but in general the power is more diluted. State senators I live in Colorado, in a more populated area where people are conservative but you don't see a lot of Trump paraphernalia. 

Had to travel down a highway past some small towns this summer, somebody had a weird confederate flag with a confederate flag-patterned Punisher-type skull on the usual flag. Colorado wasn't a state until 1876 and the Civil Wit's because Star Trek is so formulaic and full of imperialism and has some race issues. Klingons = warlike black/brown people for example. Every planet they go to, the culture is inferior in some way to Federation, which is basically white people U.S. with a few cosmetic modifications. They totally handwave the whole lack of money so there's no diWow that's a pretty dumb and heartless thing to say. This is a young teenager who is biracial, half black, forced to listen to racist viewpoints of the people she is forced to live with. People who are supposed to be taking care of her and nurturing her. If her life is a living hell (especially during pandemic when she can't escape to school).They I drove through a red state not that long ago, plenty of religious billboards, including one that is pretty much saying "either worship Jesus or go to hell". Prolife stuff, too.

Though ironically there seemed to be fewer religious billboards than the last time we made the drive. Don't know if the economy tanked the local Christians' ability to advThere was a female judge in Chicago who ended up in a similar situation. Guy she ruled against a few years before, a cancer victim who ended up homeless/divorced and living in his van, came to her house but she wasn't there. He killed her husband and mother instead. Then drove off and killed himself.

At the time we all thought it was white supremaI think it's a combo: you are predisposed to chemical imbalances but the thoughts you have can contribute to your mental state. That is if you let your mind dwell on thoughts like "I'm worthless" it will make your mental state worse.

If you can feel the imbalance coming on, try to fight it by exercising or listening to calming music. If it's real All my college friends became liberal or at least less conservative over time ... only my elderly relatives post conservative stuff on FB. Guess I'm lucky.

Maybe the difference for me is that me and all my college friends were poor, or at least not well off. A few of them came from homes where they had been rich and mingled with old-money types, bProbably autistic or other issue. 

Here's the thing about autistic kids: you can't always leave them at home, and you can't always predict how they're going to act. Some hours or days they might be totally fine and you think you're safe going to the store, and then things suddenly go pear-shaped. And sometimes life intervenes, like there's some unBesides being something of a guild system? In library school you learn theoretical and practical things that enable you to be a better librarian, like conducting a reference interview, managing the library's collections, advanced searching techniques, issues of free speech and censorship, working with kids or teenagers, structure of relational dataprobably had body dysmorphic disorder or something like that. Some women think they are enormously fat, or have weird unfeminine bodies, even though they don't look like that at all. Like looking at a funhouse mirror but in your head.

There's an HBO documentary called "Thin" focusing on women with eating disorders in rehab. One of them had to do aI'm a woman, but I once observed these two random guys outside a restaurant:

Guy #1: Was walking ahead of Guy # 2, holds door open for him

Guy #2: "You're holding doors for me now?" in a macho-yet- nervous way

Guy #1: "Hey you gotta take it while you got it."

watching that interaction left me with a lifelong sadness for men who have to put up wSo glad I'm of the age that pubic hair on women is considered normal. My husband doesn't care. All women have to do is take a shower every day and wash the puss with a bit of mild soap, there's no stank or crustiness for most healthy vags.

These fuckin' assholes today that think porn is indicative of reality and that a mature woman should have no not really, because it's concentrated and also has to do with your social network. People in NYC know a lot of people who had it or even died from it. I live in CO, I'm an introvert with introverted friends, coworkers and biofamily, and don't know anybody who's had it. Though I expect I will pretty soon as my husband's family is conservative and noI once had a huge guy drop in on my work unannounced and act rather menacing while trying to sell his product. I'm a short woman who learned to develop a good gut instinct. He had an air of barely unrestrained violence, that vibe of "Might is right, and I'm mighty, so you should buy my product you stupid woman." Luckily I was in a public area or I When W was president I suddenly realized Bush I wasn't that bad, and I was shocked and appalled. (In my defense I was very young when B1 was president).  I'm not a Republican but the elder had a brain and knew some shit, and managed his cabinet instead of letting it manage him.

Now we have Trump who is a moron compared to Dubya. The only thing I cI had an old guy steal money from me when I was a kid, and what appeared to be a 6 year old grandson was in tow (of the thief). Old guy said something harassing to me (not sure how old I was but definitely less than 14 years) as part of the distraction. Anyway,  some douchebags gonna douche, kids around or no. Sorry that guy messed up your day and For the international folks, Arizona has a huge amount of retirees, aka old people. Also tends to be conservative politically because old white people. And finally because AZ is incredibly hot with a dangerously blazing sun in the summer, people are indoors more, and more likely to spread the virus as a result.

(yes, not all old white people are cCan you start sleeping in your sister's room and bring your laptop and phone with you? Every night. Protect yourself and your sister. Never be alone with him and never let your sister be alone with him either. 

I'm sorry but a lot of women blame their kids instead of their partner when the partner preys on the kids - your mom has thrown you under Eh my worst bully, I'm pretty sure had an abusive household. I made an easy target. 

I also was bullied pretty badly by a black girl (I'm white) and I think she was probably getting racist shit from other kids and letting the shit roll downhill to the class leper. I was mostly in advanced classes but ended up in the hellhole of P.E. (gym class) wiI was bullied really bad, but I also bullied others on occasion. Acting in ways that I didn't seem to be in control of. Snubbing kids that were lepers like me, and being nasty to a kid I had a crush on. Definitely received way more bullying than dishing it out though.

I kind of feel bad but I was in a terrible state back then. I was depressed and Girl you should talk to him - unplug his computer in the middle of a match. If he won't talk, leave his ass and consider the $4,000 money spent on learning the lesson. He betrayed your trust and is mistreating you. He's old enough to know better.

I'm a woman and have video game addiction but have learned to try and take it easy. Real life is more it's not just anti Asian racism, apparently a lot of countryfolk think that apartment living is the same as stacked cages in a puppy mill. They've never seen a city apartment and imagine all sorts of weird things (like that your apartment doesn't have a separate bathroom). Part of the hatred of cityfolk that's developed from jealousy and ignorance.Because a significant number of Americans coast on being white Americans and have nothing else to take pride in, and Trump bolsters that. Even though ultimately the system keeps them poor and miserable.

It's similar to poor whites fighting for the Confederacy in the Civil War, supporting a plantation system that hurt them (though not as badly as tIt was voter suppression in Florida, actually. State of Florida hired a Republican-linked firm to kick voters off the rolls by using names of felons in Texas and then using very loose matching.

Say you have Terry R. Jackson in Texas convicted of a felony, and Terry B. Jackson in Florida with no felony record. They would kick Terry B. off the rollsI'm fascinated by the stories of people gone missing, singly or in groups, on solo adventures or ill-fated expeditions. Like Ambrose Bierce or Amelia Earhart, or polar expeditions. That super creepy feeling of being utterly lost. The tiny hope that they settled down and hid from society and lived  happily ever after, though in reality they probablyYou can see footage of riots and shit from back then. People being herd-driven assholes is nothing new. Radio, TV, magazines and newspapers are perfectly fine at spreading propaganda and hate. The old school media may be less efficient than social media, but look at the Rwandan genocide; it was partially driven by radio propaganda. Before that, it sorry about the Americans. I think the level of your hotel may have something to do with it. Me and my husband are polite and wouldn't give you any attitude, but there's no way we could afford to stay in a 5 star hotel (or let me say we could, but we're trying to retire early haha).

Not all Americans are Karens and we don't appreciate Karen behaviI'm American, but a godless liberal weirdo who pays attention to history and science. I take this pandemic seriously. People that I work with are taking it seriously as well. We're kind of in a bubble though and once you step out of it, crazytown.

There have been epidemics throughout history and we've had outbreaks of weird diseases recently. EvenI don't know if this video is real, but I've seen a white guy asking the sole brown person in sight if they're selling drugs. It was after an event let out, very white crowd. We had a guy of Indian descent in our group. Fratboyish guy comes by just randomly asking the one brown dude for drugs, not asking anybody else (we had some hippie looking guyoh hell yeah. I've come to the conclusion that the Republican party wants a bunch of uneducated people they can control. They also want to destroy the middle class, and teachers represent a substantial part of that middle class. They dislike higher education even more and are trying to trash that too. 

Basically they want to trash any institution I'm American and it's unbelievable to me in some ways. But we have some domestic politics here like abortion and gun control; society changing: Christianity is declining, white people will no longer constitute a majority soon, homosexuality is now considered acceptable by a majority of society. Racists were upset over a black man being president. aI recently did some traveling for Reasons that weren't fun. Go through red states, hardly any masks. We crossed over into a blue state, everyone was wearing masks. Purple state, people in the more urban areas wearing masks, in the hinterlands it's "MASKS = SLAVERY".

edit: for my non American friends, for really dumb reasons, blue = Democratic (LibLol get out of your bubble. I was a young woman once and experienced a lot of harassment. It often happened when no one else was close by. There are so many women talking about being harassed. Are you omniscient and omnipresent? Or maybe just maybe you haven't been around harassment or noticed it occuring? 

Jeebus H. Cthulhu. Just because you haveThe "go to" for people when somebody out argues them, be rude.

Sorry this happened. Don't know if it makes you feel any better but white women are often treated dismissively by white men. I believe white men do that even more to black women.

He grabbed at the first thing he could think of to weaponize, your name, which is obviously a racist jab. I was the kid everyone picked on. My parents were poor and couldn't afford new clothes for me, also I have shitty hair unlike anybody in the family so I had horrible messy hair because nobody knew how to take care of it. I got bullied all the time. In junior high they were calling me Rags and saying "Where's the flood?" As I was growing and my jeanand I know somebody who was malpracticed on by a male dentist and his son. I know somebody else whose mother's cancer was misdiagnosed by a male doctor who waved it off and she ended up dying young when maybe the cancer could have been treated. What's your point? 

There are shitty doctors and dentists and it's not a male/female thing. There are shI remember reading an article about how a biracial boy (black/white) was living in a white family and it was like a bizarre open secret but they refused to talk about it and pretended his dad was his biodad (Ron Howard voice: he wasn't). It's very possible your mom had a fling or was raped or [insert any scenario you can think of] and your parents I don't personally think this is true, or at least it's not a normal state of affairs. Especially if you're trying to claim PizzaGate is true. (because trafficking kids through a popular pizza joint in the city is the best way to do so!)

There are plenty of ways for high ranking politicians to make money without getting into trouble with pedophiliYou just reminded me of the time I was approached by an older white man in front of Walgreens, he had some kind of scam. I blew him off - I was too old for that shit. He soon after scammed a young cashier out of close to $50 and disappeared (I was in the Walgreens and overheard the two older manager ladies talking with the poor young woman, it sounjust watch the whole video and read a bit more, there was a panhandling complaint and the guy they went after is not the guy who somebody called the cops about. Plus it was panhandling, which is begging for money. How is that worth being thrown to the ground and have your ribs broken?

You have to understand that cops (some not all) tend to treat aFemale Gen Xer here, for a long time "cunt" was a horrible shocking insult, to my ears anyway. Being on the Internet with Aussies has changed it.

Back in the day "cunt" was basically calling a woman a vagina in a really nasty way, it was a vicious horrible putdown in the way it was said. I've also seen vicious bullying of younger boys by older boyThe kid in question seemed to be nicely dressed, so what if it's athletic? Clothes looked new and put together, shoes look clean. did that shithead get told he's supposed to keep black people out or did he do that on his own initiative?

in Colorado you're lucky if the expensive restaurant you go to on date night has people appropriately dressed upyou still need an "out" for when contraceptives fail, or circumstances change radically, or when the fetus misdevelops in such a way that it might kill the mother on the way out, and in no case will survive much past birth.

But in general, if you had all these programs in place, it would case abortions to plummet. (Colorado has tried some of theseYou do realize that statistics are going to show what is reported, or where arrests or convictions have been made. Therefore if there is bias in the policing and justice systems or people aren't reporting in the first place, the statistics are going to be off.

For example black drivers are far more likely to be stopped by cops for no good reason awow you live in some kind of bizarre fantasy world. Try to get out more.

I used to live in a large city and as a young woman I was harassed frequently. Now more of that harassment was from black men. But the worst sexual thing I had happen from a stranger was a white man (guy trying to crush/trap me and touch my breast), and I had white men harassWhen you learn things in class or from studying / reading, go back over the basic concepts and try to link them to others you already know.

Don't wait until the last minute and then stay up all night studying, your brain probably won't be working too well during the exam.

Take care of your body by eating right and getting enough sleep (and avoid Uh if that's supposed to be the chimp who started the revolution, that guy was super smart in addition to being chimp strong. Also the apes being experimented on were treated very cruelly. So they rebelled and took over, and ultimately Charlton Heston comes back from outer space to find humans are dumb and subjugated by superior apes.

So what is tI'm sorry but I had an older Volvo and it locked up with the transmission / turbo problem that they refused to remedy. Volvo used a cheap transmission that would eventually be killed by the turbo boost. When it gave up the ghost, around 70,000 miles, the car would leap forward, then refuse to go higher than 30-35 mph with all warning lights turned 