I have been on their waiting list for quite some time I believe, I just don't remember when exactly I registered.

You have to put 9999 as serial if you don't own one, but they let me in as the only requirement then is to be on the waiting list.

It's fine, I can still wait at least 6-12 months for one as I still have to finish uni (and earn some mAs others have said, cut at least 10 locations, better 15. While short trips are nice, I'd recommend you to use quite a few night trains so you are able to get further/faster back home. For example the Hellas Express from Belgrade to Thessalonki (then Athens) skipping Skopje. Especially Austria / ÖBB offers many NightJet connections, check them outDoesn't hurt to open it up if it's out of warranty. But I do not think there is anything visible to fix. (Except that ribbon cable that someone else mentioned).

Either you have to exchange the whole mainboard or solder the DSP (more or less CPU) on and off the board if it's a single chip. I don't think that modern synths have chips anymore that siWe did 7 stops in 21 days, I'd say thats a bit better and not too rushed, but was still a tight schedule. Not easy to balance.

My general advice would be to always have at least full day at any location you want to explore. The day before and after can be used for train travel. Depending on the distance between stops, you still have half a day to Entschuldige, ich meinte das nur im vergleich mir dem hier gezeigten Diagramm. Ohne Frage sind 2500 absolut ordentlich und außreichend. Nach meiner bisherigen hochrechnung kann ich mir dann nach 8 Jahren einen Porsche leisten... Dafür müsst ich jetzt nur noch die letzten paar Prüfungen schaffen und meine Diplomarbeit schreiben, bevor es dann hoffenI think this very specific cars thing only applies to legendary and ultra cars. But if you have a broad collection of anything else, it will at least get you up to the first prize car.

For the second one you probably need a few URs, but they are not too hard to collect if you have been playing for a long time and don't fuse everything on arrival.
Also nach monatelangem Filtern hab ich so einigermaßen das an Nachrichten was ich lesen möchte (Technik, Musikproduktion, Autos, immer mal bisschen Politik / Aktuelles Weltgeschehen). Dumm ist nur das Google zu blöde ist VST und Wordpress Plug-Ins zu unterscheiden... Sobald man aber mal nach irgendwas 'ungewöhnlichem' / neuen googled hast du da sofHattest du ein Praxissemester? Am besten noch bei einem Unternehmen bei dem es Spaß gemacht hat zu arbeiten? Meld dich da doch noch einmal wenn die von deinen Leistungen überzeugt waren. Ich muss jetzt nur noch ein paar Prüfungen schreiben, dann meine Diplomarbeit (in Kooperation mit meinem damaligen Praxisbetrieb) verfassen und die Chancen stehen I really would like to know which "essential" CotW cars we should upgrade, even if we don't know all the requirements yet. especially rares and superrares, as I have quite a few now in my holding pool.  


Also, there are just a few URs, I don't think the Aston Martin Bulldog would be an essential car for the challenge (due to it being a prize car)Um ein bisschen zu klugscheißen, auch das griechische Festland grenzt an das Mittelmeer ;) 

Aber ich kann nachvollziehen das jemand der sich Griechenland trotzdem nicht leisten kann oder möchte dann eher in die Türkei oder wie von dir genannt nach Ägypten reist.

Da muss man halt Abwägen was man will. Ich würde allein aufgrund der politischen LageNo, I would absolutely not do this. 

I have only set my monitors and interface at the maximum values.

If I am working inside a DAW, I change the volume via the master fader of the software that comes with my interface (Presonus Universal Control).

I usually set it between -40dB to -25dB. If i set it to ±0dB the whole room is shaking... (Haven't Hätte ja sein können das die einem dann nicht glauben das man kein Facebook-Account hat...
Wenn Zugriff auf Whatsapp / Fotos gefordert wird spielt das denke ich aber eh keine Rolle mehr.

Da können wir wirklich froh sein das wir uns innerhalb Europas ziemlich frei bewegen können - ohne solche Kontrollen. Ein paar Mal den Reisepass vorzeigen, die SeBei der Polizei anzeigen mit Chatverlauf und allen Infos die du hast. Habe ich auch gemacht, bisher ist dabei aber nichts rumgekommen obwohl ich sogar die (Schweizer) Kontonummer mit angegeben habe, also sind 700€ vorerst flöten gegangen. In der Benachrichtigung das die Ermittlungen eingestellt wurden (Ende Januar) steht zwar (wie ich es verstehe) The best way to find this out is to check newspapers or if your government provides any information about travel safety. 

For example, [this newspaper article](url) mentions almost every european country and what kind of rules these countries have in place as of now and how they might change soon to allow international travel. It appears that travFor now I still have to get ahold of the 4th Jag but my hands for B-Story are super shit and I am afraid I'll get kicked out of P29. 

If only 2 american cars would be needed, that would be perfect. I don't have any american standards, so I would have to use 3 offroaders, but the third is either the Escalade (shit handling) or the Hummer (shit acc)Wenn Sie... vom Hauptbahnhof in Frankfurt... mit zehn Minuten, ohne, dass Sie am Flughafen noch einchecken müssen, dann starten Sie im Grunde genommen am Flughafen... am... am Hauptbahnhof in Frankfurt starten Sie Ihren Flug. Zehn Minuten. Schauen Sie sich mal die großen Flughäfen an, wenn Sie in Heathrow in London oder sonst wo, meine se... CharleI have the feeling most people don't understand that this is a car collection game and all rarity levels are equally important due to the variety of challenges.

If only Legendaries would be important then I would have fused all my epics by now. But I did not. I am waiting for dupes, as long as it may take. 

I have collected almost all super raresHmm I'd say my garage is average... But before I'd max the second Z/28 and pull a third duplicate... there are lots of other epics waiting to be finished anyway. So I guess it will be food for the first 12C 121 upgrade.

It's been over 500 days and I did not even finish that one yet. One more upgrade from 223 to 233, then the Hellcat from 222 to 33The game is as stressful as you want it to be. I'm like you, I have a slow pace and enjoy it.

Collecting lot's of cars, not furiously fusing everything. I like it a lot, and that as F2P.

Also, unlike most others I'm absolutely fine with the drop rates of packs, I get what I'm guranteed is inside which is fine by me. Lot's of C's are fuse materialBruh 100% this! 

Actually I should start noting down the patterns, (because they are always the same in challenges) so when farming you'll be able to pull the cards you want instead of "random" prizes. 

For example in the current VW challenge, the fourth column are 3x D cars, so you'll make 3k when selling them or you are able to do one upgrade fBei uns kam eines Tages die Ankündigung das man einen Sticker mit Nummer benötigt (vom Studentenwerk gestellt). Alle Räder die nach der Frist keinen Sticker hatten wurden entfernt, seitdem ist unser Fahrradraum endlich wieder benutzbar.

Mein Rad hatte zum Fristende keinen Sticker und wurde trotzdem nicht entfernt. Schwein gehabt... (weiß nicht mehGleichfalls. Heute haben gleich 2 ehem. Mitschülerinnen auf Instagram irgendwelchen Müll verbreitet. Nr. 1 irgendwas von KenFM und Nr. 2 in nach ihrem ewig langen Text Tichys als Quellenangabe...

Und dann war da noch ein Kumpel vom Kumpel der zuletzt "Arbeit macht Frei" als hashtag nutzte... Wobei ich hoffe das das womöglich aus unwissen geschah wAlso mich stört dieses ganzen-Tag-vorm-PC-gesitze nicht so sehr wie es eigentlich sollte, ich bin froh das die Mensa seit gestern wieder geöffnet hat und ich wenigstens so nun jeden Tag ein wenig nach draußen komme.

Was das Online Studium betrifft... Mangelhaft. So blöd es klingen mag, ich vermisse es mich vor Ort mit Inhalten berieseln zu lassen,I still do consider myself f2p. Because the few times I bought gold were exceptions. I don't buy loads of CFs, and my garage and measly amount of Epic upgrades (and none yet for the leggies) reflects that.

It's correct that this is not 0€ f2p, hence I said 95%. Also I did like to support Hutch this way because I do actually have had countless hourCheck out the German website "Ebay Kleinanzeigen".
There is one for sale for 715€.

url

Some people there only offer pickup, so if it's an offer from the very north of Germany (Flensburg, Hamburg etc) you might be even able to do that as well.

While it has ebay in the name, its very different to it, it's a website for classifieds and there isToday I finally bought the Moog Voyager RME Editor / Librarian. On Moogs Website it was $80, but for some reason my Visa Card was declined. I remembered that these Plugins were actually made by SoundTower... and bought it there for $20 less! 

Also I finally got Mistery Islands Editor for the Waldorf Q working as well, as the Website didn't mentionWhat was the name of Apples most recent OS? Check their website if its compatible with that, it should work with the older ones fine.

The Virus is a very good synth, for me, the Deepmind would not be an alternative, I tested it once and disliked it. If Nord, check out the Nord Lead 3, its the best NL you can buy, but the rack version is pretty rarAlso die Trennung nach Temperatur ist denke ich auf jeden Fall sinnvoll, auch wenn ich Bettwäsche und Handtücher auch manchmal bei 40°C mit den normalen Klamotten mitgewaschen habe. Nach Farbe trenne ich nicht, ist aber eh hauptsächlich dunkel. Also hab eigentlich immer alles zusammengeschmissen weil ich auch keine Lust hab mehrmals 2,50€ für ne WäAh yes! I wanted to ask this for a long time, but never made a post.

Excluding prize cars, I completed:

- Buick
- DS and GMC (missing A class cars)
- Hummer
- all D class Lambos
- MG
- Mini (ex B)
- Plymouth
- Ram
- Rover
- Smart
- Volvo (missing A and B)

I'm also trying to keep each C class car once, I'm just missing about 50, not easy to colleIch benutz gern https://zu-faul-zum-url für einfache Rezepte.

tldr: Nudeln kochen, Hackfleisch anbraten, bisschen Dosentomate dazu und Sahne rein, fertig ist die Grundlage von gefühlt 50% der Rezepte (schmeckt trotzdem geil!)

Edit für mein Lieblingsessen (nicht von der Webseite):

**Gebackener Schafskäse**

- Boden einer Auflaufform mit TomatenscIn my case the purchase did not went fine. I tried to log in with my pre registered mail and it kicked me out requesting a password reset each time, clicking the link in the mail then only said that this link for the password reset had already expired... So I had to make a new account.

Despite everyone saying it's 32bit only, 64bit installation waOh shit. A few days ago I tried to get the Police Cars in NfS: Porsche Unleashed to follow me but the AI is just so goddamn stupid. They were always crashing into walls or cars and could not get free on their own. Crashing into them didn't help either because they also appear to have infinite mass, so I couldn't get them away from ramming into the On the website of the greek train operator [TrainOSE](url) it still says "until further notice"

I don't think that this will change, but using the bus was no issue at all last summer, message me if you have any more questions :)

Also worth noting, they added: "The itinerary will operate in the beginning of the Summer 2020" so it appears that the Ah okay then :) you don't have to drastically reduce your stops - if you are okay with a lot of places and impressions, but generally a lot of people here remind others to do less stops because when you go interrailing for the first time you might not have a feeling for a good pace.

When I started planning I had like 15 stops in 3 weeks planned an&gt; Sofern man die BC naemlich nicht jeden Tag nutzt, macht es finanziell ueberhaupt keinen Sinn

Was fürn Blödsinn, ich hab den Preis der myBahncard nach ein paar Fahrten wieder drin und wenn man weiß das man die über mehrere Jahre hinweg nutzt kann man sich das doch automatisch verlängern lassen, also ich hätte keine Lust gehabt die BC jetzt 4x 580 in the garage, 165 fully upgraded and 26 partially upgraded (excluding A + S cars).

Playing since 400 days. I had a bad upgrade strategy at the beginning and had a lot of cars sitting at 111 (each upgraded to 2.0 but not leveled up due to missing money).

I fixed this step by step and of those 26 partially upgraded cars are 20 B-Class which taAltough the Nord isn't as bad as the Virus C because the Nord goes 'deeper' so you still could mount another thing above it which isn't that deep (like the Virus) *but* both have their power switches mounted on top and not the front so you have to place them at the highest position anyway. Other rackable synths do not seem to have this issue. For eIch find den JP im allgemeinen ganz ok, aber an der Stelle hat er im Livestream mal so richtigen Dünnschiss gelabert. Soweit möglich - finde ich - sollte man so wenig Politik in seiner Position vertreten wie nur möglich. Einfach nur über Autos und Tuning Videos machen und über sowas kein Wort verlieren... Was sich andererseits auch schwierig gestalDer 993 C4S wird in frühestens 3-4 Jahren den Oldtimer-Status erreichen. Bis dahin werde ich mir den eh nicht leisten können (mindestens 60k, eher 75-90k), hab ja auch noch ein Semester und die Diplomarbeit vor mir. Frage mich ob der Kaufpreis in Deutschland mit erreichen des Oldtimerstatus eher steigen oder sinken wird... Macht aber wahrscheinlichCool danke. Hatte mal überlegt mir ein günstiges Auto zu kaufen was eine niedrige Klasse hat, zB url - dann Haftpflichtversichern (~240€ im ersten Jahr) und einfach stehen lassen um in den Klassen aufzusteigen da ich noch SF1 sein müsste - so kann ich mir dann irgendwann einen klassischen Porsche leisten und muss keine 1800€/Jahr für Vollkasko blecYeah I have seen your NSX-T posting with your tuning :)

I really hope that the next challenge will not require Austins again to get the prize cars like the NSX - while it's not the best or most important one (and not even the main prize) I'd still like to own it - just to complete my collection. I started playing around the time the Austin challenCurrently there might not be a train running between at least Skopje and Thessaloniki, you should rather plan to take a bus for that part of the route.

The night train from Belgrade to Gevgelija/Thessaloniki was only running for 3 Months during the summer season. Checking url doesn't show if the night train will be running again this year but *if*Stimmt, hab gar nicht mehr an den eigentlichen Post gedacht. Krass das der 5er BMW so gut abschneidet, ist ein wirklich sehr gutes Fahrzeug, vor allem für lange Strecken. Für den aktuellen Mini Countryman wird die Sicht nach vorn zB mit 3,0 bewertet, dem kann ich absolut zustimmen, ich schaff es ja nicht einmal mir eine passende Sitzposition einzusAbsolutely agree with you.
Sometimes I have the feeling the people bitching about not being competitive just lack a garage with a broad variety of cars.
Obviously playing against somebody with 5 maxed leggies is a different story, but any event with a lower RQ limit is where anyone is "equally" competitive with the right selection of cars.

My GaraFor Amsterdam to Berlin exists a direct connection about 6h20min. To Hamburg you would have to change once and it's about 5h. From Hamburg to Prague exists a direct connection from CD (the Czech train company) - this train also stops in Berlin. From Hamburg its 6h45min to Prague and if you start from Berlin it's 2h less travel time. 

I think thereIf you go from Amsterdam to Hamburg or Berlin instead of Munich that would shorten some of the travel time. The east european routes seem to be fine. Dublin - Amsterdam might be fine by train, but travelling from Split back home by train would be at least 48h of train travel, so I'd rather fly back from there.

I did 6 cities in 16 days and that waIf you could mention the country that would really help. Germany, Austria and Swizerland should have proper timetables with fixed platforms. In France (Paris) the platform where the train arrives / leaves will only be announced 20min before arrival of the train. In Italy we just checked the electronic timetable as well as in Hungary. In Greece you We shared the 6 berth compartment with an italian family, it was okay space wise but got pretty warm (it was end of august). Next time I'd probably book a 4 berth compartment - if you travel with friends thats even better because you could book a whole compartment for yourself then. I'd say first class isn't really worth it. Also keep in mind that 2nd class 6 berths are about 40€. 4 berths about 60€ per person. So you have to choose in which one you would like to sleep and pay an according price.

I wouldn't go for first class, except if you have that much money to spare. For me it would have been too much, so we chose to only sleep in the 6 couchette cabins.

I guess its just sold out, but Also ich schreib übernächstes Semester meine Diplomarbeit und fühle mich ganz anders, ich freu mich aufs Arbeitsleben (aber habe auch etwas Respekt vor der Umstellung) weil ich dann Nachmittags einfach Freizeit hab und "nichts mehr zu tun" zumindest was lernen etc angeht.

Mir kommt es jedenfalls so vor als sei im Arbeitsleben dann definitiv mehr ZI use a mix of Thomann Store Brand Cables, both the cheapo and middle class ones as well as Cordial Cables which are very good / high end.

I only buy the cables I need. But as my setup changed over time I've got 'some' leftover cables now in a big plastic box, finely seperated with wooden divisors and sorted by cable type.

To keep track of all myOkay then, I didn't know that a single layer already would count as diving. At least I don't feel like this. The only synth I own which is up to par or better menu-wise is the Nord Lead 3. All others I own do not seem to be that easily editable wothout menus, but it might not be due to the menus... I can't really put my finger on it, maybe it's jusSorry I have to correct you, but there is basically *no* menu diving on a Virus. Each section, be it OSC, Filters etc only has their *own* menu with a *single layer*. So you cant actually dive into menus. It's a huge misconception. And 90% of this are settings you don't really need during programming a patch or can't realize on the 4U panel. At leaHmm you should rather compare it to Adam Szabos Viper VST, it's basically the Virus in VST form. If you don't count that one I'd say that Reveal Sounds Spire would be the next VST giving the Virus a run.

Otherwise I absolutely agree with you, despite the Virus being popular in the trance, techno other "higher speed" scenes, it's absolutely underraAll the synths I mentioned are also available with a keyboard attached - they are not rack only synths :)

There is also the TI1, maybe you can afford that one, if you don't really need the 'Total Integration' then I'd say the C would be sufficient.

The knobs are fine, the best thing is that the encoders are endless and the LEDs indicate the knob I love my Nord Lead 3. It's an awesome Synth and really easy to use.

Alternatively you could choose the Access Virus C or TI(2). Both are very versatile and playable in the studio as well as live. 

You can use both for electronic music as well as rock. There is even a free Access Virus soundset with suitable presets for rock. My only gripe with tI planned at least 1 full day for each location.

For Paris we had 2 full days planned, so if you go there for example, spending 2-3 days there is plenty to see a lot of the city.

For Athens we only had one full day but only visited the Akropolis and Plaka, so that was plenty as well. 

Make sure to check what you can do in each city so you don't As nobody recommended a piece of rackable gear yet, I'll throw the Access Virus in the ring.

It's not "just a trance synth" there are even free patches out there for rock bands. 

I only own rack synths (yes even racked the TB-03 and Nord Drum 2) and while they are all a lot of fun I constantly go back to the Virus as it's super easy to use and itlol i have a completely different strategy.

I usually save my gold for the 25 Slots + Ceramic offers. Very rarely I buy a CF and ceramics not that often either.

I try to collect every car, keep all leggies and only fuse A-C cars I own at least twice. I now only have a few half upgraded C's open (as in, already fused some cars into them but didn'tAccess Virus. Hands down. I've got a Virus C and I still want a TI2 (while keeping the C).

This is the very best Synth I ever had and will never part with it. I can't speak for the Summit but the SNII is not as easy to use and intuitive as the Virus. When the TI has always been on the back of your mind, definitely but it. Basically unlimited voice