&gt;Maybe you just don't know how to gather safely then.

Last time i gathered, which is a while ago as i don't bother no with no hideouts / territory to run over too.

I was chased by 7+ people, it's only because they had horrible experience ganking that i lived, ganking, is, not, hard, and will never be hard with the number that people run.

PeopNew to gaming?

Just because you found a way to do something in a game, does not mean it was the intended way, and it's pretty obvious to see, like finding out a way to cheat yourself into a hellgate at the same time as your friend is doing it to avoid combat and reap the full fame &amp; loot reward.

Cluster que abuse is/was [not sure if is anymor&gt; because you think is not skilled.

Are you trying to say it's skills involved in 8 vs 1 kill where the person don't fight back?

And sure, finding, dismounting and killing can be a challenge, if you are alone, or even with two people at times, but anything more and it's just a joke, unless the person is standing right next to an exit [and thenOdd, i have to make videos to criticise one?

It's bad enough "Elite Gankers" post these pve fights, they are fun once and then never again, theres zero skill in ganking transporters, and at least not in the numbers you do in some parts of the video.

But you keep it up man, it must have been hard to gank these pve targets that don't fight back andDeath and taxes? I mean let's be real your guild also roam a lot with pretty disable gank squads do you not?

But the rest i do agree with, some of the problems with arch is the lack of training due to an excessive numbers of players

And the fact that in redtree enclave they have a natural debuff 24/7 wich is just weird, how come you can have so mI mean, spear was overpowered in a period, and got nerfed, and that's how the story goes, weapons gets nerfed - others rise, and rinse repeat.

Warbow is getting a nerf soon and will be put on the shelf for most players.

Same with Deathgivers.

Bloodletter is getting a small nerf that also affects gatherers [yay]

and so forth.

Also, the new speaI don't mean this in a bad way, i'm genuinely not familiar with color blindness and the variations of it.

But if the NW chest is one color and the SE is one color, does it matter that much? Won't you just correlate that color to what it is on other places or can you not see any colors at all and if so what changes works?

Genuinely just wondering,It's not 100, and even if it was 100 that's still garbage bounty.

Not only that, but let's go over the criteria for the bounty;

&gt;Duration: 5 days

That's 40 Kills a day.

That's not a small amount, even if you run a 5 man group, let's say you find and kill 10 of them each hour, that's 4 hours a day devoted to this bounty of just hunting and kiI'm not sold on the argument that "It won't be worth it for big guilds".

Not with the way guilds on Albion fight now to claw and take as much as they can.

The roads have a lot of wealth to them, and to have a place to store, regroup, and to meet up in is going to be valuable.

They really need to do something to prevent bigger guilds from just obAnother prentative method that's never going to be implemented but i think could help would be to only allowe your guild &amp; Alliance to only place a hideout in either black-zones or roads of avalon.

And then punish guilds &amp; alliance that try to activly go around that restriction with alt-guilds and such.

The advertisment was "If you want tThe roads for me is still a bit strange, ok, so let's say you have a rest with a 2/2 entrance, now a rest (I've checked) has around 10 Blue Power crystals to place hideout.

So whats the plan? Having 10 hideouts there that can be attacked by anyone in the prime time.

Then a big guild can still just come in and clear out all 10 in one prime-time ifIf you want to just do HCE in the start to make money &amp; get fame, honestly, make your own guild, you can level the guild up while doing HCE for passive energy gain each level, it's not a lot, but it's better then joining a random guild with tax.


Other then that, like Zyfron said, join the discord, read the rules and all that, and then really &gt; I do hellgates a lot and you cant play competitively if you don't do this unfortunately.

That's just a lie and a ugly way to try and justify cheating, honestly, just quit the game if you can't play it fair.

People like you and others doing this, is the reason why ZvZ, Market, and all other aspect of the game is like it is, disgusting people Really? You cant go one year with limited social interaction and lockdown to make sure millions of people around the world dies?

Thats the issue, a % of the populus thinks like you do, and then they infect everyone, and also it can do just as much harm to anyone at any age.

But im sorry you cant go to a movie, or go out or whatever the fuck you n&gt; first thing, posts like these are fucking useless, just some karma farms

Karma farms? Do you think before you type?, OP has 3 year's badge with 59 post karma.

&gt;2nd thing, it had like 25 upvotes when i saw it while noob craft has 140 rn

Oh no, another post had more upvotes, also, 25 for this sub, is pretty high, sure the other had more upThe ZvZ Scene in Albion is just as much of a joke as the Crafting station ownership.

In reality there are only a small handful of top owners, and they will use any trick, scam, advantage, and bullshit politic to stay on top.

It's irrelevant who has #1 spot or anything pretty much in Top 10, unearned placements left and right from handholders, polI'm pretty sure a bunch of medical workers are working voluntarily during this, however the real mystery is why do you think they should?

Shouldn't the government prioritize things that actually matter in life? Like i don't know, doctors and nurses and other health personnel?  

Why should they work for free in a new highly risky environment?

NotYou can also build small towns in the blackzone that function like the actual player cities as well.

No you can't, you can build hideouts, and live underground like a mole person.

And then town? The towns system is riddle with mistakes and has been taken over by a cartel, now i don't know why they would need to form a cartel to become billionairePeople are different, and need different amount of help, you managed to do it despite being depressed and that you should be proud of, but that does not mean you need to talk down on people that can't do it.

However, the sad reality is that people that don't get the help they need often do end up dying, either from killing themselves, dying on theGood for you, but that still does not equate to everyone having the energy for self-help.

I really dislike this whole "i did it now you do it", mentality, ive fallen down while climbing up a waterfall and landed on my back and had no problems getting up and continue, it's a whole other story if a 90 year old woman with a bad back did that.

And it&gt;and have never once killed one of their gatherers.

This is such an odd argument also from people that i see want to remove public hideout, it's a black zone, if you own a hideout/zone nearby a public hideout like i know FO does, then you already have territory &amp; hideouts you yourself can run to.

Anyway, it's a sad day in general in everwi&gt; When, different people that aren't associated with each other tell the same story, yes that makes it a fact and proves the accusations.

It does? Thats how it works there? So i can secretly get 10 people from around the world that have no direct connection to me make a false claim about someone famous and boom #FACTS!

&gt;Nobody is talking ab&gt;Making a group takes more time and effort to organise.

Hardly, there are so many discords &amp; new-beginner guilds with people that wants to do dungeons.


&gt;Group dungeons get dove to, so I guess you are risking 5+ people's gear rather than one.

Anyone doing 5 man dungeons with any gear worth anything and that don't just pay 50k/person foYes, me saying it's cringe, is worse then a "plant" joining a guild, currying favours with them over a long time to get perms and then stealing from them, sure.

I swear, people like that, they have issues, just play the game and enjoy it, and ironicly i kinda agree with you also, if people could just take this game less seriously and just play theSure, sometimes using the appropriate amount of force is helping.

But shooting protesters in the face and blinding them and such are perfect exemple of cops that turned into thugs and not cops anymore.

Ive honestly had only positive encounters with police and personally dont hate them, but then again i live in a country where death counts from poHmm, if you are carrying your bags home, but you do it alone, then you are solo carrying your bags home.

If i help you carrying your bags home because i want something from you in the near future, that does not make me your husband/wife, but it does make it so you aren't solo carrying it home anymore.

Call it politics, or honestly, call it whatevIt's 50%, why are you lying to me? Or did you change your rules after backlash on reddit?

Ok, so is there a ganking donation tax also? You have a lot of zones that enemies cross that you can gank more safe in also.

Imagine "I don't care about aspect", so if i solo kill it, solo gather it, after working my ass to get good T6 spec to get high yieldNot defending them, but understand that there is a limit to a persons anger.

At some point its just to much, and cops getting away with litteral murder for years now, not to mention its not like the cops havent incited a few of the riots with their lack of de-escalation.

But whatever, you keep defending the blue untill its all red everywere.

GooDefund the police, i don't see anything about cutting the police academy, if you guys have something like that, maybe it's time for a reform where you guys go to an actual police school for a few years like normal countries.

I'm sure you could save a ton of money also if you just stop covering for shitbag cops that clearly should be in jail or out&gt; teen was throwing items at the police

So a teenager, was throwing something at the police, the police in full armor, and their response is to shoot him in the head, wich from what i know goes against how you should use non-lethal weapon's, and your response is "Oh well this sucks but if charges should be filed i hope they do"

damn, apathy isI just fought against a priest, the infiltrator minion, i killed it 9 times, and he still had 2 and was about to give them reborn.

How is this fun or fair?

I had a deck that focused on buffing minions with the scrap imp + shadow council, but that one minion kept tearing them apart since he traded 100% 1:1 and sometimes more, and just kept getting&gt; That honest enough for you?

No, you forgot some, but it's whatever you guys are a potato guild when it comes to your tax.

Also, imagine having a gathering tax across the boarders, do you have a ganking tax also? or is it just gatherers that gets punished?


&gt;Oh, and we have zero fame requirements to join.

That's not a good thing for a "t&gt;It's not anyone's fault that you aren't educated enough to know we **usually** get a fame bonus.

So it's not a fact, it's a maybe, and it's an unknown maybe and you wanted me to magically know when and how long we would get it?

Thats asking a bit much.

Also, i'm not complaining about the buff, the buff is nice, i'm complaining about SBI's coBloodletter is not top tier for escape anymore.

Dual sword is.

Wanderlust is fine, but Quarrier shoes will get you faster away to re-mount.

Invis potion and invis cape is useless against any ganker that's good enough to dismount you, you want Resistance and Fort Sterling.

Merch hood is good, Knight helmet is better.

Assassin jacket is bad, invThey need real-time Auctions of the plots and not this bid process.

Exactly how and how many plots at each Auction i can't tell right now, but i think that would limit it, if there was a rule against multi-logging to multi-bid same as multi-bid on alts to drop / sell [unsure if you can]

But the core idea is to limit the amount of max plots one caMost good warbow players as far as i know swap between Ray &amp; Frost Shot deppending on what they face.

Going Ray against 6 people with double claw is asking for issues in the fight.

Also, i'm sure you got some good videos, just not a big fan of people dumpstering on noobs that almost just spin around because they are overwhelmed by the fight, This would be amazing.

If it was not for the fact you pretty much killed 2 off the bat (sub 2k and just 2k hp) noob's that clearly don't know what they are doing.

And then you fought 4 more complete noobs, one that literally Q'ed a bunny next to you in melee.

I'm not saying you diden't do well, but this is more like 1 400/400 spec jumping 6 newbNever give up, honestly, always fight.

However, if you go red-zone/black-zon, expected to die but prep to not die.
I don't know what weapon you are using, but dagger(bloodletter) is not good anymore, use Dual sword with the Iron Will (Makes you immune to purge and will save you against gankers using purge helmet)

Iron will also gives you dmg miti&gt;it's not profitable.

&gt;not compared to the other ways I make silver. It's an actual waste of time.

&gt;Another video to ruin people's money making market. I wish you people seeking YouTube fame would find something else to use as clickbait....


Why the first comment if you don't do it and you don't care? Also, how is it clickbait when he'sOh no, a super alliance will lose siphon and fame? Oh the horror.

/s

Can we get a change that will actually do something about the combat aspect of the game when dealing with super alliance, thanks.


&gt;Improve the power of Disarray to have an increased impact in medium scale engagements

Yes because when you deal with super alliance then you dI wouldn't exactly call it a straw man fallacy, you are asking alliances to coordinate attacks with other alliances on the same target.

That's pretty much what an alliance does, they work together towards a common goal with some personal side goals here and there, and doing it without an actual alliance and in the scale you are talking about is a But are we playing Albion Online or Squak Online?

They should look for a fix to the problem at hand, not just a band-aid.

We need to prevent this shit from the future, or there won't be an Albion Online future as people will grow tired of Squak or similar Super alliance in the future being like this.

And before someone says, oh but they only att&gt; 5 players used to own 100 terris, they kept that system for 2 years, people crying about this in the first month.


So because one system was flawed, this system is perfect?

And 5 player's winning a GvG while a ZvZ force kept terri launches down as much as they could is at least a better system.

More fair for medium sized alliance/guilds to And this also brings up something i forgot about my reply.

&gt;we haven't launched on one yet so I can't speak to the ease of destruction there.


The only difference as far as i can tell is that when it's finished they need to win X days in a row depending on the level and shields of the territory.

However, if they can launch on your hideout, th&gt; Otherwise I have yet to deal with Torthur.

Torthur and Ego is not an issue, at least not right now.

Look at the scoreboard or put on Alliance view and look at the middle of the map and around, Squak has 77 Terries and 4 out of 10 top 10 spots for territory ownership.

POE and 1941 is also high on the list.

I just wish they made something wo&gt; outside of saying everything is stupid.

Gathering was hit by a big nerf.


Traveling from the frontlines to the city portal was increased and made gankers cluster in big groups at the zones close to portal drasticly increasing their presence and ganking.


Territory control has no restriction on who can and who can't join the fight, they haveOk? So that's your advice to solving the issue with Blue Army and other Super Alliances just tearing the world apart?

This update is stupid and the way they made territory controll work and hideout work is just stupid.

If you can't hold a territory you won't be able to hold a hideout so it's either you do exactly what we want or we just oust you I'm confused.

You brag about making 40+mil loot from ganking over several hours, i assume this is a regular thing since you obviusly have experience in it since you are making money.

And then you go on to complain that other people are doing the same thing and "why aren't they doing literally anything else?"

This post.

Why did you think this wa&gt; make a team and try. 

I did, we ganked with a 6 man group, made millions in a few hours, was hella borring.

I don't mind if people occasionally make big groups to gank with, it's just people like you that only do it thats a pain in the ass.

And there is pretty much zero challenge to this, you are 10 people, you jump one or two people, how yYou make a pretty dangerous legal precedent if the argument "greater good", justify murdering someone.

What if someone claims to have been raped multiple times and gets a person killed for "the greater good" only to have it proven later to be fake?

There is a reason we should and need an un-bias and blind court of law, this is not the wild wild wyou can't afford 1 T6,1 item?

Maybe don't do GvG then.

Also, GvG is designed around Guild efforts, if your guild can't muster up some donations and gear for a team to fight for their guild, then that's either a really small guild, or something is wrong.

&gt;as an adult with a girlfriend, and a family. All I can think is how much id rather spend &gt;I don't think you understand the issue.

I don't think you understand it also, most companies that can afford to give out 10 mil bonuses have some form of estimate on how much they make and also keeps most likely a lot more than 10 mil in bank for the years it's a bit darker.

So no, if they can afford to give out 10 mil Christmas gifts, then t&gt;B blatant karma farming

Who gives a fuck? Honestly, is there some secret website that i don't know about where you can trade your karma for something? Imagine giving a fuck about karma... jesus christ.

&gt;do it in a proper manner instead of showing everyone what it looks like if you collect too many chromosomes

Says the guy that jumps straiI don't give a flying bird fuck where you are based, why on earth would i run out to Carleon everysingletime i need to buy something? Pointless.

Also, you have fun with "oh the gear is balanced" while you farm in blue zone, its clearly that you guys are either ganking gatherers yourself and don't want the easy income to be a challenge to get or yo&gt;  But you want to be greedy using full gather gear

Greedy????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????My point still stand, a gatherer can not fight, he can only run, he should be harder to kill, people don't often gank solo, so it's irrelvant to think about that, most people come in groups of 2-3+ 

If they have to split my loot on 2-3, sure, they don't really make much, but thats not the point.

gathering is an unfair balance, any ganker can use What a nice community.

I mean, you can think what you want, I don't care how good or bad I am in your eyes, the problem still stand, the gathering gear is to expensive for the lackluster abilities it provides when needing to escape.

The gather speed one is a joke, it last like one tick, it should be a conntinous effect as long as you are hitting Bad abilities for escape, simply to easy to get ganked by a group and the time you have to spend to recuperate the gear you lose if you die just once is quite frankly stupidly high.

They need to re-do the abilities.

The stealth shouldn't offer bonus damage when emerging, but move speed or carry weight or anything else, defence bonus for exemple.
Super op?

How? All they did was to make the damage over time and healing reduction worse, but allow multiple axes to maintain the same debuff on the target, is that op?

If anything this is a fix and a nerf.

Oh, wait, this is a post from __OathBreaker__, did you make this because there is a new gvg video out with Torthur's team using double axe i&gt; Decrease max zone caps to 200 players.

Welcome to zone cap playing.

&gt;Create a max number of players allowed in one alliance.

They need to remove alliance or make a hard-cap on members, that i agree with.

&gt;Limit how many territories one alliance is allowed to control.

Can also put a hard tax after X terries to limit the amount of ter