Almost all school districts I have heard of, including the one I teach in, have given families the option to do virtual learning if the family isn’t comfortable with in person learning. 

You are probably better of calling and telling them your concerns rather than faking the flu. There could he grade and attendance differences in how the two are hIf you find an easy answer, let me know. 

I did not heed the advice of everyone who said take it slow and use a metronome. Now I play and write songs on my own jacked up timing. 

It’s cool if I’m the living room but if I ever try to play with someone else I’m screwed. 

I am pretty sure the answer is to slow it back down and play with a metronomeExactly. Reminds me of when I got kicked out of class in third grade. 

Teacher: Odd numbers can’t be divided by 2. 

Me: Yes they can! 

Teacher: No they can’t. What’s 13 divided by 2? 

Me: Six and a half. 

Teacher: I meant they can’t be evenly divided 

Me: that’s not what you said 

Teacher: Don’t get smart with me 

Me: Well don’t get stupid I don’t know about the city but I flew through there not long ago and it was pretty busy. A lot of masks and a few shut down restaurants. 

I live in Southeast Georgia and it’s business as usual down here. 

My guess is that it is going to come down to your own personal risk assessment. There will be plenty to do but there will be risks associated Fort Wayne, IN has it all. Would have to take a lot of connecting flights. Indianapolis is pretty manageable, but Detroit would probably be even better if you are looking for a somewhat larger city. 

I grew up in the Midwest so I hate the cold. I live in Southeast GA and the cost of living is pretty low for the climate. Nearest major Airport is JaOur dog died when we were driving with 2 hours left on a 12 hour drive home from vacation. 

We had no clue what to do. We rent our home so we couldn’t take him home and bury him. We googled 24 hour vets where we at and there was nothing. 

Finally we called our vet as a last resort. He told us to bring him to his office that he would take care of I do a little bit more but not much. I do 100 reps with 30 lbs dumbbells (20 curl 20 rows, 20 shoulder presses, 20 squats, 20 straight leg dead lifts). I also walk 3-5 miles a day. 

The dumbbells only take 2-3 minutes. The walking I enjoy. 

I am really lazy so my philosophy is I don’t want to do anything so strenuous that I will dread doing it.I use to agree with this. Freedom of speech isn’t freedom of consequence though. I surely believe you should be able to say that word and any other you choose. But for me I am going to err on the side of kindness. 

When a vast amount of people are offended by a word, I am going to search for alternative ways to express myself. Not because I have tThank you! 

It was pretty weird when it happened. 4 or 5 unmarked FBI vehicles came to his house with our town officer. 

He wasn’t home so the officer asked my mom some questions. The officer and my mom had went to school together so he gave her the story. 

Basically the guy was really big into CB radios and had ordered some online. This was reaHow effective are the masks being used by a majority of the public that aren’t medical grade? 

Dr. Ron Paul claimed on the Liberty Report that trying to catch a virus with these types of masks is like trying catch mosquitos with a chain link fence. 

Another doctor on here did an AMA and I asked the same question he said that the masks weren’t effMy first year teaching a group of guys always invited me and another new teacher to breakfast on Fridays. They would tell us it was a different theme each week. 

The first week was Hawaiian shirt theme. I’m not wearing a Hawaiian shirt in Hawaii so they didn’t get me. The other new guy though came all decked out. Straw hat, leis, shirt. 

EveryoneThank you. I’m pretty interested in the topic because I don’t know a lot about. I am just killing time with the guitar to stimulate my brain activity so am not interested in me making any money. 

Just my limited knowledge it has seemed like the instrumental contributors weren’t always getting fair share. Sounds like that’s not fully the case whichNot Broyhill but when I went to college in 2000my buddy and I bought a living room set from Big Lots for $300. It was couch, chair and three tables. 

It was fake leather. The set is still in my brother’s garage. It’s worn but holding its own. 

The stuff at Big Lots now looks much nicer. My only concern is that I often see furniture at clearance pI’ve just started getting in to sing writing as a hobby. As I read more about the process some of it really makes no sense to me, especially with the recognition of session players’ contributions to songs. 

My understanding is that in most cases players are paid for the session and it ends there. It doesn’t seem far to me if a player creates a greA trillion is a wacky number too. I teach government and economics. When we talk about the debt and get into how much a trillion is I explain to my students that: 

A billion is a thousand millions so you have to give 1000 people a million dollars or everyone in our school a million to get to a billion. 

A trillion is a million millions. So we wouIf they were that good of friends why didn’t he take it to him in the first place? 

My brother had this argument when he needed his roof repaired. He had a friend in roofing but his wife and her family wanted to go with a local company that advertised a ton. When they got the quote, it was high and they then wanted my brother to ask his buddy. He I always use Turd Ferguson on when filling out forms and signing in to golf. 

It started as a dare when golfing in high school and I have never signed into gold with any other name. 

Also when the military or colleges would hand out recruiting information cards I would use it. 

My go to email is Turdferguson@url

I always use my phone number butTeacher here: 

A lot of teachers refuse to fail special education students because all of the paperwork and hassle that comes with it. Even when the accommodations on the IEP are followed precisely there are goops to jump through and pressure on the teacher to change the grade. So many just safe the time and streamline them through with a passing I have one student loan from 19 years ago that’s still hanging around. It will be paid off in December. 

It’s only $92 a month so with the tax deduction and low monthly payment amount, I have reasoned with myself it isn’t worth taking a chunk out of savings to just pay it off. I will be glad when it’s gone though. 

I am 38 and have literally had Of course all things being equal if both people have 100,000 saved up then the higher credit score is in a better position. 

Your last statement is my point. 

Many young people, I would bet more than not fall into the trap over over spending or not paying off the full balance each month. 

So in your house buying scenario it would be more like a Building credit is important but overrated. 

It is much more important to build your savings.   

Paying bills on time and committing to savings will keep young people free and financially secure. 

There are life circumstances where young people need to use credit but in most cases they would be better off staying out of debt and having a slightlWhen I was a kid my brothers and I only saw our dad once every couple months. We would always play Candyland. 

The winner of each round got a full size candy bar. We were extremely poor so it was like winning the lottery. Somehow he made sure all three of us won our favorite candy bar. 

There wasn’t a lot of happy stories from those times and I h“They say if you give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. But if you teach a man to fish... then he has to get a fishing license. But he doesn't have any money, so he has to get a job and enter the social security system. And he has to file taxes, and you're gonna audit the poor son of a bitch because he's not really good at math. You pull the IRS vI was drinking a fifth a day and some days I would grab a fifth plus three or four bonus shots to drink before opening the bottle. 

I quit drinking and was terrified about serious or fatal withdrawal. But I am all in or all out so took the chance. Luckily, I was just really tired and had body fatigue for a week and went back to normal. None of whiIt’s meant to be all encompassing and more protective. Many founding fathers believed if a Bill of Rights was listed only those rights would be protected so they included the 9th Amendment to expand past the listed liberties. 

I wish they would have listed more because in a way they were right. The most heavily guarded freedoms are definitely thosIs it really bigotry if you are uncomfortable and “weird” because you are straight and a male friend tells you that you are attractive? 

If you are an asshole or call them a slur, sure that’s uncalled for. But people generally are not themselves when they are surprised by something. 

This has never happened to me, but once a friend of mine that wYeah he probably also got a small business loan that he doesn’t have to pay back if he doesn’t lay anyone off. 

My brother in law was complaining that he didn’t get the $1200 stimulus checks because his business makes too much. And I’m the same breath told me thst he was getting a $38,000 loan to help with payroll thst he didn’t have to pay back aUsually is the key word in your comment. Right now we are living in unusual times. 

My brother got laid off in March with 1,000 in his bank account. His employer gave him $2,000 to help him when laid off. When they covid package was passed he was getting 990 a week on unemployment, plus he got 3400 for stimulus. He was called back to work in July Cockroaches are pretty interesting. I remember a news story a few years back where they were putting electronic devices that they could use to control them like a remote control car. The project was also attaching recording devices with the intent to use them in building wreckage to find survivors. 

It was fascinating. And gave me a new respect foI was fat in high school and everyone told me it was okay and I would grow out of it or that I was big boned or whatever. But my junior year we had a German exchange student. 

He used to always tell me “you are fat!” With a heavy German accent. It really hit home. It hurt at first but wasn’t being mean. He was just telling me the truth so I decideKratom has definitely helped me. I’ve taken it for three years. Was drinking a fifth a day of vodka, acting like an asshole and gaining weight when I started kratom. 

Didn’t drink for two years. Started getting a little worried about the kratom stories so threw it all out. Had some withdrawal symptoms for about a week, slight head ache, significanI agree there are better ways to use your energy. 

Those people are dummies so I don’t feel bad for them at all. But the guy who orchestrated everything could have found a better way to affect change. 

Things may be worse afterwards. The racists in the story are probably now still racist only very angry and potentially jobless. I hope it doesn’t When I was five or six, I lost a tooth. For some reason I slept on the couch that night. 

My drunk ass dad forgot to put a dollar under my pillow. I was devastated and refused to believe it so I started searching under the couch cushions and in the cracks of the couch. I found 20 some dollars. And my dad was my hero because he hooked me up with waYou can’t buy car insurance after you are in an accident. 

I think if there were competitive markets there’s a good chance that health insurers and health care providers would have better customer service because they would know they could lose customers who were no longer stuck inside the system. 

Patients with preexisting condition or major conMy parents live in a house that was built in the 19th century. Over the years it never got heat and air upstairs so about ten years ago they decided to do it. 

When the people finished they ran a pip about that same size across one of the bedrooms. The rooms were already small so it basically left room for only a bed and looked like absolute shit.I’m torn on this. We definitely need change in the United States. I tend to prefer the private sector and think it if the competition would make health insurance similar to car insurance then it could work. Would still need something to support certain populations though. 

I typically do not prefer a one payer government run system, but it has to Our health insurance should not be connected to our jobs. The employer should take the money they are contributing to health insurance and give workers a raise. 

Then health insurance should be sold like auto insurance, allowing companies to compete and drive, which can drive down prices for consumers. 

How stupid would it be if you couldn’t get I am a weirdo. I carry 4 pens always at work. 

I like to be polite so I carry an extra one in case someone in a meeting asks. 

But then my mind always tells me “wait...what if someone borrows a pen and then yours does?”

So I carry a third to protect me from that. And a fourth in case the loaner dies. 

The scenario has never come to fruition andThis guy and his dog (or this dog and his guy) are pretty bad ass. 

We had a boxer for 13 years we bought as a puppy. He was a big baby. We got him just before our son was born so we would sit on command and come on command if we had food.

When he died, we swore we would never get another dog, but our house was missing so much love we finally decThis won’t work. There are bad hairdressers and lawyers and doctors too. 

Think about the ridiculous amount of malpractice lawsuits in medicine. If licenses worked, that wouldn’t be an issue. 

Think about all of the bad haircuts you see in public everyday. If licenses worked, that wouldn’t be an issue. 

Licenses are just another for of tax and gI am an educator with a masters degree and have been highly effective in rating every year. 

I understand your point. I would just caution not to give them “busy work.”

Encourage them to pursue something that they are passionate about or something that brings them happiness and contentment with that extra time. 

Make sure learning is experimentaMy inherent reaction is when someone grabs a homeless guy and makes a highly produced video and pumps it out on social media that it has more to do with social promotion than kindness. 

Like I said I am happy to see more kindness in the world, but the truest acts of kindness are without the need for recognition. 

I suppose we just have different I just moved to a new town a year ago. When I was getting my hair cut last week, the barber said he bought his chair new in 1970 for $500. It’s a Kokona, I think he said. He said other than having it reupholstered it’s been great. 

He’s old school and straight razors your neck. His warm foam machine he said was there when he got the shop and is thThat’s not exactly what the Constitution did with 3/5 Compromise. It actually said three out of every five slaves would count towards the population count for taxation and representation purposes. 

60% of the rights of a white land owner would have been an upgrade in rights for the enslaved population. 

The Constitution and other founding documenForgetting dates seems like the least concern someone with Alzheimer’s has. 

You don’t have to be sorry though. 

I am married and think that remembering one extra day is way easier than juggling schedules around planning a wedding on a birthday. What if your birthday is on a Tuesday and you want to get married on a Saturday? Do you just wait 4-5 If this is accurate, it’s an awesome tip!

Edit: Just checked their website. Seems like a lot you can get as many as boxes as you want in a variety of sizes for free. 

As a person who has moved half a dozen time in my adult life, I wish I had known this. 

I have dug boxes out of Walmart dumpsters, got them from Craigslist, and last move I just boI was hanging out with this girl for a while in college. Both said just mess around and hang out but no relationship. 

One day at the mall we are walking around and she starts holding my hand. So I itched my nose go get if free. A couple minutes late she grabs it again. I itch my nose again. She grabs....after a few rounds of this game I fake a snI understand what you are saying about why people wouldn’t give misleading information to polls, but I still think there are many people who choose not to fully  and honestly answer polls for a various number of reasons. 

The Comey letter definitely made a huge difference and maybe ultimately was what swayed the election towards a Trump victory. HMy earliness is kind of on a sliding scale. 

Job interview = hours 

Friends = 20-30 minutes 

When I was a kid and had to get a ride for a sporting event, I had to tell my an mom an hour before the actual time and we still cut it close sometimes. 

Once we actually got there an hour early and she asked where the bus was. I explained and she was pI think you and I just have different value systems. While your fear is if one strives for passion and misses they are left with no outs. My contention is if he goes for an MBA as a back up plan but gets caught on a career path he may miss the opportunity to pursue passion or purpose. 

I’d rather him be late to the professional party than the purpMy thing here is...

First don’t rush to make the initial decision. 

And second don’t stop after four years of it doesn’t fulfill your goals. 

The problem in the situation you described is not that they chose the wrong purpose but that they gave up before they got to what they wanted. 

People get caught up in the stereotypical life track relativThere are some states in the US where courts are granting the custodial parent to pay the non custodial parent child support where there are major income discrepancies. 

Figuring child support is so inconsistent. I know a guy that has two young kids (new born and toddler) and makes right around 100k and pays 120 a week. And another that has one neI know you are worried about waste of throwing stuff out, but there is going to be waste in personal time and energy if you do the move as described. You are going to have to load and unload the first box and then load and unload two more trucks after that. 

My recommendation would be to get either a moving truck for the whole way (I know not ideaGeico saved us over $300 a year. 

A lot of people warned that they would have terrible customer service if we ever had an accident. Eventually, we had to make a claim after hitting something on the interstate over 200 miles from home. They paid for our hotel and rental car without us having to pay anything out of pocket. They had the car repaired I’m an amateur but here are my tips: 

*I have only bought 1 car from a dealer and it was 10 years ago. I will not do it again so what I say probably applies more to private owners. 

1. The more open to styles you are the better luck you will have. I am not driving a yellow car and I am not driving a PT cruiser but other than that I am pretty openI got pulled over last year for doing 47 in a 45. I had my cruise set on 45 so I was unaware of my speeding. 

I am pretty sure it was because I had out of state plates. 

I was polite and got off with a “warning.” 

I did the risk vs reward of telling the guy to go fuck himself and am not sure I chose the right one. 

I respect the job that good cWhen my cousins wife died, he had a list of things with him at the viewing so when people said to let him know if there was anything he needed he showed it to them. 

She died in her mid twenties of cancer and It was a joke they had thought of as they had spent time together because they knew she was dying. They both said they didn’t like how oftenI teach high school seniors. I tell them that if graduating high school is the next thing they do in their life than they should be sad. 

Literally millions of people do it every year. 

There are some cases where it’s a special milestone, I recognize that but even in those situations it should only be a stepping stone to accomplish things in lifeI have such terrible sleep patterns that I’ve never needed an alarm to wake up. 

I have always just woke up half an hour or so before my alarm. Then when I got married I started waking up before my wife’s alarm. Then I would go back to sleep and just wake up again before my alarm. 

I don’t know if this is a good or bad thing but I stay religious I had a lady hit me once. She rear ended me. We both pulled over. Both cars were fine. 

She was very apologetic. I told her not to worry. She tried to give me money and I again told her it was no big deal. Then she asked if I wanted to go back to her place. She was very attractive but I was married so I had to pass. 

I think the best thing to do 