President Biden will address a joint session of Congress for the first time this evening. Here's what you need to know. url

A Texas man arrested for storming the US Capitol and assaulting police officers on January 6 also serves as a Republican Party precinct chair and has been an election poll worker in north Texas url

Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina will deliver the GOP rebuttal to President Biden’s first address to a joint session of Congress, spotlighting a unique voice in the party whose profile is on the rise as he leads Republicans’ negotiations on police reform url

Three men were indicted on hate crime and attempted kidnapping charges by a federal grand jury in Southern Georgia in connection with the death of Ahmaud Arbery, the Department of Justice said url

A second wave of Covid-19 is devastating India, killing thousands of people each day and setting world records for daily infections. Countries around the world are stepping up to offer aid as bodies pile up in morgues and crematoriums. url url

Federal prosecutors unveiled new charges against three men who have been accused in an alleged plot to kidnap Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction. url

Los Angeles County, the first county in the US to have recorded more than one million coronavirus cases, is set to enter its least restrictive reopening phase as early as next week, public health officials announced. url

The Washington National Cathedral has unveiled a stone carving of Holocaust survivor and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel to recognize his legacy as a human rights defender "dedicated to combating indifference and intolerance." url

The Senate is expected to vote Wednesday to restore an Obama-era rule that cracked down on methane emissions from oil and gas industries as the Biden administration looks to combat climate change. url

DHS announced it is extending the REAL ID full enforcement date by 19 months, from October 1, 2021, to May 3, 2023. url

The autocracy versus democracy question is central to the US-China relationship, something Biden said he's debated and discussed at length with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Xi, Biden said, is betting that "democracy cannot -- cannot -- keep up with him."
url

A new species of tiny, neon orange toadlets was discovered in the mountains of Brazil. This amphibian measures in at just under an inch and is a part of the pumpkin toadlet genus, a collection of tiny, bright-colored toads, according to a study. url

Michael Collins, the NASA astronaut who was the command module pilot for the Apollo 11 mission to the moon, has died at age 90 after battling cancer. url

"Even though today may not look like a classic set up for a severe weather outbreak, there will be severe storms that break out from Texas all the way up to the Northeast," said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers. url

See that thing in the upper left corner? That's Perseverance, or "Percy," as her team affectionately calls her.
url

New York is the latest state to allocate Covid-19 vaccine doses directly to primary care doctors as part of an initiative to reach people who may be reluctant to be inoculated. url

The European Union is pivoting to the Pfizer/BioNTech coronavirus shot with a record agreement to buy up to 1.8 billion doses, as court proceedings in its lawsuit against another major vaccine maker, AstraZeneca, began in Brussels. url

Spotify CEO Daniel Ek is standing behind and promoting his company's top podcast host, Joe Rogan, even after Rogan spread anti-vaccine misinformation on-air. url

Andrew Brown's family will be allowed to view bodycam video of his killing by North Carolina deputies, but it won't be released yet to the public url

Google CEO Sundar Pichai said it has been "heartbreaking" to witness the pandemic's devastating impact on India.
"India deserves our attention right now," Pichai said. url

What do you want to hear from President Biden in his first address to Congress? Join Jake Tapper, Abby Phillip and Dana Bash for CNN’s special Live coverage - tonight starting at 8 p.m. ET url

The Justice Department has repealed a policy put in place during the Trump administration that restricted so-called sanctuary cities from receiving federal grants for criminal justice efforts url

The Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna Covid-19 vaccines were found in the real world to be 94% effective against Covid-19 hospitalization among fully vaccinated adults ages 65 and older in the United States, according to a new CDC study. url

Watch for these 6 things in Biden's speech:
An extra-tight guest list
Acknowledging the difficulties of the last year
Outlining the American Families Plan
Touting pandemic victories and a push for vaccinations
Pelosi and Harris make history
Policing reform url

An Australian court has jailed a man for 10 months after he drove dangerously and then filmed and mocked dying police officers at the scene of a deadly crash url

On today’s podcast, @DrSanjayGupta hears from @ZachRosnerMD about the struggle to vaccinate people in prisons and jails... and why it’s dangerous to exclude this high-risk population.

Listen to the episode below. url

BREAKING: Federal agents executed a search warrant Wednesday at the Manhattan apartment of Rudy Giuliani, advancing a criminal investigation by federal prosecutors that has been underway for months, according to a person familiar with the matter. url

Whereas his predecessors disengaged from politics for months after leaving office, Donald Trump has turned the same political warfare that defined his presidency into a full-time retirement hobby as he weighs a return to the spotlight url

Quebec's top doctor says a 54-year-old woman has died of a rare blood clotting condition after receiving the AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine. "This is an event that is rare. We knew that it might happen," the doctor said. url

For the first time during the pandemic, most Americans approve of the economic conditions in the United States, according to a CNN poll url

Saudi Arabia is considering selling part of its giant state oil company to a major foreign investor, likely from China url

Here's what's in President Biden's $1.8 trillion American Families Plan url

How the Biden presidency looks from one pivotal Pennsylvania county, 100 days in url

A juror in the Derek Chauvin trial says every day in the courtroom felt like a funeral url

15 of the safest activities for the fully vaccinated — with and without face masks url

The man who put his feet on a desk in House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's office during the Capitol riot will be released from jail to await further court proceedings from home url

A bomb alert in southern Germany turned out to be a false alarm after a grenade-shaped object was found to be a sex toy. url

On Wednesday, the official Covid-19 death toll in India surpassed 200,000.

The US President's chief medical adviser, Dr. Anthony Fauci, stressed that helping India was "a responsibility that the rich countries need to assume." url

Thousands have been detained by Myanmar's security forces since the military seized power in a coup, according to an advocacy group.

Little is known about the conditions they are kept in. But various accounts detail brutal acts of violence and torture. url

Tony Blair has a mullet now, and it's disturbing Britain url url

President Joe Biden will address a joint session of Congress for the first time on Wednesday evening and is expected to tout his administration's accomplishments within his first 100 days in office and unveil key components of his next legislative push. url

As India continues to grapple with an unrelenting second wave of Covid-19, some neighboring countries in South Asia are seeing their own surges in case numbers, prompting border closures and travel bans. url

Biden says "America Is Back," but "America First" has haunted his first 100 days | Analysis by @angeladewan &amp; @lukemcgee
url url

Britain's political spending watchdog will launch a formal investigation into the funding of renovations to Prime Minister Boris Johnson's apartment in Downing Street. url

Sen. Tim Scott, a key player in the bipartisan congressional effort to overhaul policing, will step into the spotlight Wednesday, handpicked by GOP leadership to give the Republican rebuttal to President Biden's first address to a joint session of Congress url

President Joe Biden has moved fast since his January 20 swearing-in, signing a $1.9 trillion Covid relief bill into law less than two months into his term and issuing more executive orders so far than his three predecessors. url

"President Joe Biden's 'radical' idea is that government is not the problem in America but the multi-trillion-dollar solution that can end the pandemic, equalize the economy and make life better for millions of working people." Analysis by @StCollinson url

"It doesn't go far enough," Dr. Jonathan Reiner, professor of medicine and surgery at George Washington University, told CNN. 

"What it doesn't really underscore for Americans is what the CDC knows, which is that these vaccines induce immunity." url

President Joe Biden is set to unveil an additional $1.8 trillion federal investment in education, child care and paid family leave during his first address to Congress on Wednesday. url

Thousands have been detained by Myanmar's security forces since the military seized power in a coup, according to an advocacy group.

Little is known about the conditions they are kept in. But various accounts detail brutal acts of violence and torture. url

President Biden will address a joint session of Congress for the first time this evening. Here's what you need to know. url

A Texas man arrested for storming the US Capitol and assaulting police officers on January 6 also serves as a Republican Party precinct chair and has been an election poll worker in north Texas url

Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina will deliver the GOP rebuttal to President Biden’s first address to a joint session of Congress, spotlighting a unique voice in the party whose profile is on the rise as he leads Republicans’ negotiations on police reform url

Three men were indicted on hate crime and attempted kidnapping charges by a federal grand jury in Southern Georgia in connection with the death of Ahmaud Arbery, the Department of Justice said url

A second wave of Covid-19 is devastating India, killing thousands of people each day and setting world records for daily infections. Countries around the world are stepping up to offer aid as bodies pile up in morgues and crematoriums. url url

Federal prosecutors unveiled new charges against three men who have been accused in an alleged plot to kidnap Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction. url

Los Angeles County, the first county in the US to have recorded more than one million coronavirus cases, is set to enter its least restrictive reopening phase as early as next week, public health officials announced. url

The Washington National Cathedral has unveiled a stone carving of Holocaust survivor and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel to recognize his legacy as a human rights defender "dedicated to combating indifference and intolerance." url

The Senate is expected to vote Wednesday to restore an Obama-era rule that cracked down on methane emissions from oil and gas industries as the Biden administration looks to combat climate change. url

DHS announced it is extending the REAL ID full enforcement date by 19 months, from October 1, 2021, to May 3, 2023. url

The autocracy versus democracy question is central to the US-China relationship, something Biden said he's debated and discussed at length with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Xi, Biden said, is betting that "democracy cannot -- cannot -- keep up with him."
url

A new species of tiny, neon orange toadlets was discovered in the mountains of Brazil. This amphibian measures in at just under an inch and is a part 